{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2        SURVEY OF INCOME AND PROGRAM PARTICIPATION,\
       1996 PANEL WAVE 3 TOPICAL MODULE DATA DICTIONARY\
\
\
DATA        SIZE  BEGIN\
\
D SSUSEQ      5      1\
T SU: Sequence Number of Sample Unit - Primary\
  Sort Key\
U All persons \
V    1:50000 .Sequence Number\
\
D SSUID      12      6\
T SU: Sample Unit Identifier\
     Sample Unit identifier This identifier is \
     created by scrambling together the PSU, \
     Segment, Serial, Serial Suffix of the \
     original sample address. It may be used \
     in matching sample units from different \
     waves. \
U All persons \
V 000000000000:999999999999 .Scrambled Id\
\
D SPANEL      4     18\
T SU: Sample Code - Indicates Panel Year\
U All persons \
V       1996 .Panel Year\
\
D SWAVE       2     22\
T SU: Wave of data collection\
     Wave of data collection. The range of \
     this variable is 1 through 12 to \
     represent each wave in the 1996 Panel. \
     For a specific cross-sectional product, \
     the wave remains constant. \
U All persons \
V       1:12 .Wave of data collection\
\
D SROTATON    1     24\
T SU: Rotation of data collection\
     Rotation within wave. Each wave of data \
     is collected over a four calendar month \
     period. The rotation field indicates \
     which month within the wave a particular \
     interview was conducted. \
U All persons \
V        1:4 .Rotation of data collection\
\
D TFIPSST     2     25\
T SU: FIPS State Code for fifth month\
  household\
     FIPS State Code Federal Information \
     Processing Standards state (and state \
     equivalent) code for the 50 states, and \
     DC. For the Sample Unit \
U All persons \
V         01 .Alabama\
V         02 .Alaska\
V         04 .Arizona\
V         05 .Arkansas\
V         06 .California\
V         08 .Colorado\
V         09 .Connecticut\
V         10 .Delaware\
V         11 .DC\
V         12 .Florida\
V         13 .Georgia\
V         15 .Hawaii\
V         16 .Idaho\
V         17 .Illinois\
V         18 .Indiana\
V         19 .Iowa\
V         20 .Kansas\
V         21 .Kentucky\
V         22 .Louisiana\
V         24 .Maryland\
V         25 .Massachusetts\
V         26 .Michigan\
V         27 .Minnesota\
V         28 .Mississippi\
V         29 .Missouri\
V         30 .Montana\
V         31 .Nebraska\
V         32 .Nevada\
V         33 .New Hampshire\
V         34 .New Jersey\
V         35 .New Mexico\
V         36 .New York\
V         37 .North Carolina\
V         39 .Ohio\
V         40 .Oklahoma\
V         41 .Oregon\
V         42 .Pennsylvania\
V         44 .Rhode Island\
V         45 .South Carolina\
V         47 .Tennessee\
V         48 .Texas\
V         49 .Utah\
V         51 .Virginia\
V         53 .Washington\
V         54 .West Virginia\
V         55 .Wisconsin\
V         61 .Maine, Vermont\
V         62 .North Dakota, South Dakota,\
V            .Wyoming\
\
D SHHADID     3     27\
T SU: Hhld Address ID in fourth reference\
  month\
     Household Address ID. This field \
     differentiates households within the \
     sample PSU, segment, serial, serial \
     suffix; that is, households spawned from \
     an original sample household. The Address \
     ID in a specific wave should never be \
     greater than (WAVE * 10 +9). \
U All persons \
V     11:129 .Household Address ID\
\
D SINTHHID    3     30\
T SU: Hhld Address ID of person in interview\
  month\
     Address ID of this person at time of \
     interview (fifth month). Address ID in a \
     specific wave should never be greater \
     than (WAVE * 10 + 9). \
U All persons \
V     11:129 .Household Address ID\
\
D EOUTCOME    3     33\
T HH: Interview Status code for fifth month\
  household\
     Household interview status. In Wave 1, \
     the only valid codes are 201, 203 and \
     207. \
V        201 .Completed interview\
V        203 .Compl. partial- missing data; no\
V            .TYPE-Z\
V        207 .Complete partial - TYPE-Z; no\
V            .further follow-up\
V        213 .TYPE-A, language problem\
V        215 .TYPE-A, insufficient partial\
V        216 .TYPE-A, no one home (noh)\
V        217 .TYPE-A, temporarily absent (ta)\
V        218 .TYPE-A, hh refused\
V        219 .TYPE-A, other occupied (specify)\
V        234 .TYPE-B, entire hh institut. or\
V            .temp. ineligible\
V        248 .TYPE-C, other (specify)\
V        249 .TYPE-C, sample adjustment\
V        250 .TYPE-C, hh deceased\
V        251 .TYPE-C, moved out of country\
V        252 .TYPE-C, living in armed forces\
V            .barracks\
V        253 .TYPE-C, on active duty in Armed\
V            .Forces\
V        254 .TYPE-C, no one over age 15 years\
V            .in hhld\
V        255 .TYPE-C, no Wave 1 persons\
V            .remaining in hhld\
V        260 .TYPE-D, moved address unknown\
V        261 .TYPE-D, moved w/in U.S. but\
V            .outside SIPP\
V        262 .Merged with another SIPP\
V            .household\
V        270 .Mover, no longer located in same\
V            .fr's area\
V        271 .Mover, new address located in\
V            .same fr's area\
V        280 .Newly spawned case outside fr's\
V            .area\
\
D RFID        3     36\
T FA: Family ID Number in month four\
     Family ID number may be used to identify \
     all persons in the same family in the \
     fourth reference month of a given wave. \
     This ID is used for primary families, \
     unrelated subfamilies, primary and \
     secondary individuals. Persons related \
     subfamilies have the primary family ID in \
     this field. \
U All persons \
V      1:120 .Family ID number\
\
D RFID2       3     39\
T FA: Family ID excluding related subfamily\
  members\
     Family ID number excluding members of \
     related subfamilies. Defined as of the \
     fourth reference month of a given wave. \
     This ID is used for all persons except \
     related subfamily members. \
U All persons except those in related \
  subfamilies (excludes persons with ESFTYPE = \
  2) \
V          0 .Member of related subfamily\
V      1:120 .Family ID number\
\
D EPPIDX      3     42\
T PE: Person index\
     Person index. This field differentiates \
     persons within the sample unit. Person \
     index is unique within the sample unit \
     and wave. \
U All persons \
V      1:999 .Person index\
\
D EENTAID     3     45\
T PE: Address ID of hhld where person entered\
  sample\
     Address ID of the household that this \
     person belonged to at the time this \
     person first became part of the sample. \
     Address ID in a specific wave should \
     never be greater than (WAVE * 10 + 9). \
U All persons \
V     11:129 .Entry address ID\
\
D EPPPNUM     4     48\
T PE: Person number\
     Person number. This field differentiates \
     persons within the sample unit. Person \
     number is unique within the sample unit \
     across all waves of a panel. Person \
     number for a specific wave should never \
     be greater than (WAVE * 100 + 99). \
U All persons \
V   101:1299 .Person number\
\
D EPOPSTAT    1     52\
T PE: Population status based on age in fourth\
  ref. month\
     Population status. This field identifies \
     whether or not a person was eligible to \
     be asked a full set of questions, based \
     on his/her age in the fourth month of the \
     reference period. \
U All persons \
V          1 .Adult (15 years of age or older)\
V          2 .Child (Under 15 years of age)\
\
D EPPINTVW    2     53\
T PE: Person's interview status at time of\
  interview\
U All persons \
V          1 .Interview (self)\
V          2 .Interview (proxy)\
V          3 .Noninterview - Type Z\
V          4 .Nonintrvw - pseudo Type Z.  Left\
V            .sample during the reference\
V          5 .Children under 15 during\
V            .reference period\
\
D EPPMIS4     1     55\
T PE: Person's 4th month interview status\
     Person's interview status for month 4 \
U All persons \
V          1 .Interview\
V          2 .Non-interview\
\
D ESEX        1     56\
T PE: Sex of this person\
U All persons \
V          1 .Male\
V          2 .Female\
\
D ERACE       1     57\
T PE: Race of this person\
U All persons \
V          1 .White\
V          2 .Black\
V          3 .American Indian, Aleut, or\
V            .Eskimo\
V          4 .Asian or Pacific Islander\
\
D EORIGIN     2     58\
T PE: Origin of this person\
U All persons \
V          1 .Canadian\
V          2 .Dutch\
V          3 .English\
V          4 .French\
V          5 .French-Canadian\
V          6 .German\
V          7 .Hungarian\
V          8 .Irish\
V          9 .Italian\
V         10 .Polish\
V         11 .Russian\
V         12 .Scandinavian\
V         13 .Scotch-Irish\
V         14 .Scottish\
V         15 .Slovak\
V         16 .Welsh\
V         17 .Other European\
V         20 .Mexican\
V         21 .Mexican-American\
V         22 .Chicano\
V         23 .Puerto Rican\
V         24 .Cuban\
V         25 .Central American\
V         26 .South American\
V         27 .Dominican Republic\
V         28 .Other Hispanic\
V         30 .African-American or\
V            .Afro-American\
V         31 .American Indian, Eskimo, or\
V            .Aleut\
V         32 .Arab\
V         33 .Asian\
V         34 .Pacific Islander\
V         35 .West Indian\
V         39 .Another group not listed\
V         40 .American\
\
D WPFINWGT   10     60\
T WW: Person weight\
     Final person weight in fourth month of \
     reference period. Four implied decimal \
     positions \
U All persons \
V 00000:9999999999 .Final person weight\
\
D ERRP        2     70\
T PE: Household relationship\
     Household relationship in fourth month of \
     reference period. \
U All persons \
V          1 .Reference person w/ rel. persons\
V            .in hhld\
V          2 .Reference Person w/out rel.\
V            .persons in hhld\
V          3 .Spouse of reference person\
V          4 .Child of reference person\
V          5 .Grandchild of reference person\
V          6 .Parent of reference person\
V          7 .Brother/sister of reference\
V            .person\
V          8 .Other relative of reference\
V            .person\
V          9 .Foster child of reference person\
V         10 .Unmarried partner of reference\
V            .person\
V         11 .Housemate/roommate\
V         12 .Roomer/boarder\
V         13 .Other non-relative of reference\
V            .person\
\
D TAGE        2     72\
T PE: Age as of last birthday\
     Age as of last birthday. This is the \
     person's age as of the end of the fourth \
     reference month. Age is derived from \
     reported or imputed month and year of \
     birth. Bottom coding year of birth \
     results in the top coding of age into the \
     highest two single year age groups based \
     on month of birth. Users should combine \
     the last two age groups for microdata \
     analysis. \
U All persons \
V          0 .Less than 1 full year old\
V       1:88 .Number of years old\
\
D EMS         1     74\
T PE: Marital status\
     Marital status in the fourth month of the \
     reference period. \
U All persons \
V          1 .Married, spouse present\
V          2 .Married, Spouse absent\
V          3 .Widowed\
V          4 .Divorced\
V          5 .Separated\
V          6 .Never Married\
\
D EPNSPOUS    4     75\
T PE: Person number of spouse\
     Person number of spouse in fourth month \
     of the reference period. A person number \
     in a specific wave should never be \
     greater than (WAVE * 100 + 99). \
U All persons \
V   101:1299 .Person number\
V       9999 .Spouse not in hhld or person not\
V            .married\
\
D EPNMOM      4     79\
T PE: Person number of mother\
     Person number of mother in fourth month \
     of the reference period. A person number \
     in a specific wave should never be \
     greater than (WAVE * 100 + 99). \
U All persons \
V   101:1299 .Person number\
V       9999 .No mother in household\
\
D EPNDAD      4     83\
T PE: Person number of father\
     Person number of father in fourth month \
     of the reference period. A person number \
     in a specific wave should never be \
     greater than (WAVE * 100 + 99). \
U All persons \
V   101:1299 .Person number\
V       9999 .No father in household\
\
D EPNGUARD    4     87\
T PE: Person number of guardian\
     Person number of guardian in fourth month \
     of the reference period. A person number \
     in a specific wave should never be \
     greater than (WAVE * 100 + 99). \
U All persons, under age 20 who are never \
  married TAGE < 20 and EMS=6 in the fourth \
  reference month \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V   101:1299 .Person number\
V       9999 .Guardian not in household\
\
D RDESGPNT    2     91\
T PE: Designated parent or guardian flag\
     Is .. the designated parent or guardian \
     of children under age 18 who live in this \
     household? \
U All persons 15+ at the end of the reference \
  period. EPOPSTAT= 1 \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D EEDUCATE    2     93\
T ED: Highest Degree received or grade\
  completed\
     What is the highest level of school ... \
     has completed or the highest degree ... \
     has received? \
U All persons 15+ at end of reference period. \
  EPOPSTAT = 1 \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V         31 .Less than 1st grade\
V         32 .1st, 2nd, 3rd or 4th grade\
V         33 .5th or 6th grade\
V         34 .7th or 8th grade\
V         35 .9th grade\
V         36 .10th grade\
V         37 .11th grade\
V         38 .12th grade\
V         39 .High school graduate - high\
V            .school diploma or equivalent\
V         40 .Some college but no degree\
V         41 .Diploma or certificate from a\
V            .voc, tech, trade or bus school beyond$\
V         42 .Associate degree in college -\
V            .Occupational/vocational program\
V         43 .Associate Degree in college -\
V            .Academic program\
V         44 .Bachelors degree (For example:\
V            .BA, AB, BS)\
V         45 .Master's degree (For example:\
V            .MA, MS, MEng, MSW, MBA)\
V         46 .Professional School Degree (For\
V            .example: MD,DDS,DVM,LLB,JD)\
V         47 .Doctorate degree (For example:\
V            .PhD, EdD)\
\
D EPALUNV     2     95\
T AL: Universe Indicator for Assets and\
  Liabilities\
     Universe Indicator for Assets and \
     Liabilities \
U All persons \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .In universe\
\
D EALOW       2     97\
T AL: Money owed to you for business/property\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, did anyone outside of this \
     household owe money to... as the result \
     of the sale of a business or property? \
     (Exclude mortgages owed to ... which have \
     already been reported.) \
U All Adults age 15+ (EAGE ge 15) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AALOW       1     99\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALOW\
     Allocation flag for whether anyone \
     outside the household owed money to \
     household member for sale of business or \
     property. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALOWA      8    100\
T AL: Amount owed to you for sale of\
  business/property\
     How much was owed to ... ? (If shared, \
     count only yours, if self response, ...'s \
     share.) \
U All persons age 15+ that had money owed to \
  them as the result of the sale of a business \
  or property (EALOW = 1) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V 1:99999999 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AALOWA      1    108\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALOWA\
     Allocation flag for the amount of money \
     owed to a household member for sale of \
     business or property. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALSB       2    109\
T AL: Did you own U.S. Savings Bonds?\
     (I recorded earlier that...owned Series \
     E, or EE U.S. Savings Bonds.) Did ... own \
     them as of the last day of the reference \
     period? \
U All persons age 15+ who own U.S. Government \
  Savings Bonds (EAGE ge 15 and EAST1A=1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AALSB       1    111\
T AL:Allocation flag for EALSB\
     Allocation flag for whether or not ... \
     owned U.S. Savings Bonds as of the last \
     day of the reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TALSBV      5    112\
T AL: Face Value of U.S. Savings Bonds\
     What was the face value of the U.S. \
     Savings Bonds that ... owned? (If \
     ownership was shared, count only ...'s \
     share.) \
U All persons age 15+ that owned US Savings \
  Bonds (Series E or EE) during the reference \
  period (EAGE ge 15 and EALSB =1) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V    1:24000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AALSBV      1    117\
T AL: Allocation flag for TALSBV\
     Allocation flag for the face value of \
     U.S. Savings Bonds owned by ... \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALJCH      2    118\
T AL: Jointly owned non-interest earning\
  checking accounts\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, did ... own jointly with ...'s \
     spouse any checking accounts which did \
     not earn interest? (Do not include any \
     jointly owned interest earning checking \
     accounts reported earlier.) \
U All married persons age 15+ that owned a \
  joint non-interest-earning checking account \
  with a spouse during the reference period \
  (EAGE .ge. 15 and EMS=1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AALJCH      1    120\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALJCH\
     Allocation flag for whether or not the \
     respondent owned a joint non-interest \
     earning checking account with spouse. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TALJCHA     4    121\
T AL: Estimate of a joint non-interest check\
  account\
     What is your best estimate of the amount \
     of money ... and spouse had in those \
     checking accounts as of the last day of \
     the reference period? \
U All married persons age 15+ that owned a \
  non-interest-earning checking account \
  jointly with a spouse during the reference \
  period (EALJCH=1) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V     1:2750 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AALJCHA     1    125\
T AL: Allocation flag for TALJCHA\
     Allocation flag for amount in joint \
     non-interest earning checking account. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALJDB      2    126\
T AL: Money owed with spouse for store\
  bills/credit cards\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, did ... and...'s spouse together \
     owe any money for store bills or credit \
     card bills? \
U All persons 15+ who are married and spouse \
  is present. (EAGE .ge. 15 and EMS=1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AALJDB      1    128\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALJDB\
     Allocation flag for whether ... owed any \
     money for credit cards with spouse as of \
     the last day of the reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALJDL      2    129\
T AL: Money owed with spouse for loans\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, did ... and ...'s spouse together \
     owe any money for loans obtained through \
     a bank or credit union, other than car \
     loans or home equity loans? \
U All persons 15+ who are married and spouse \
  is present. (EAGE ge 15 and EMS=1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AALJDL      1    131\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALJDL\
     Allocation flag for whether ... owed any \
     money for loans obtained through a bank \
     or credit union, other than car loans or \
     home equity loans with spouse. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALJDO      2    132\
T AL: Did .... owe any money for other debt\
  with spouse?\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, did ... and ...'s spouse together \
     owe any money for any other debt we have \
     not yet mentioned (include medical bills \
     not covered by insurance, money owed to \
     private individuals, and any other debt \
     not covered; exclude mortgages, home \
     equity loans, and car loans)? \
U All persons 15+ who are married and spouse \
  is present. (EAGE ge 15 and EMS=1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AALJDO      1    134\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALJDO\
     Allocation flag for whether ... owed any \
     money for debt with spouse. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALJDAB     8    135\
T AL: How much was owed for credit cards with\
  spouse?\
     How much was owed as of the last day of \
     the reference period for store bills or \
     credit card bills? \
U All married persons age 15+ who owed money \
  for bills jointly with the spouse as of the \
  last day of the reference period (EAGE ge 15 \
  and EALJDB =1) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V 1:99999999 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AALJDAB     1    143\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALJDAB\
     Allocation flag for how much money did \
     ... jointly owe for credit cards with \
     spouse as of the last day of the \
     reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALJDAL     8    144\
T AL: How much was owed for loans with spouse?\
     How much was owed as of the last day of \
     the reference period for loans obtained \
     through a bank or credit union, other \
     than car loans or home equity loans? \
U All married persons age 15+ who owed money \
  for loans jointly with the spouse as of the \
  last day of the reference period (EAGE ge 15 \
  and EALJDL =1) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V 1:99999999 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AALJDAL     1    152\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALJDAL\
     Allocation flag for how much money did \
     ... jointly owe for loans with spouse as \
     of the last day of the reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALJDAO     8    153\
T AL: How much owed jointly in other debt?\
     How much was owed as of the last day of \
     the reference period for other debt we \
     have not yet mentioned? \
U All married persons age 15+ that owed money \
  for other debt jointly with the spouse as of \
  the last day of the reference period (EAGE \
  ge 15 and EALJDO = 1) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V 1:99999999 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AALJDAO     1    161\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALJDAO\
     Allocation flag for how much money did \
     ... jointly owe for other debt with \
     spouse as of the last day of the \
     reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALICH      2    162\
T AL: Non-interest checking account in own\
  name\
     (Besides any non-interest earning \
     checking accounts owned jointly with your \
     spouse), As of the last day of the \
     reference period, did ... own any \
     checking accounts which did NOT earn \
     interest? Do not include any interest \
     earning checking accounts reported \
     earlier. \
U All persons age 15+ (EAGE ge 15) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AALICH      1    164\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALICH\
     Allocation flag for whether or not \
     respondent owned non-interest checking \
     accounts in own name as of the last day \
     of the reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TALICHA     4    165\
T AL: Estimate of own non-interest checking\
  accounts\
     What is your best estimate of the amount \
     of money ... had in those checking \
     accounts as of the last day of the \
     reference period? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned a \
  non-interest-earning checking account by \
  themselves as of the last day of the \
  reference period (EALICH = 1) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V     1:5000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AALICHA     1    169\
T AL: Allocation flag for TALICHA\
     Allocation flag for the best estimate of \
     the amount of money ... held in own \
     non-interest earning checking accounts as \
     of the last day of the reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALIL       2    170\
T AL: Debts in own name\
     Did ... have any debts, such as credit \
     card bills, loans from a financial \
     institution, or educational loans, in \
     ...'s own name? \
U All persons age 15+ (EAGE ge 15) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AALIL       1    172\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALIL\
     Allocation flag for whether ... had any \
     debts such as credit cards, loans or debt \
     in own name. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALIDB      2    173\
T AL: Owes in own name for store bills/credit\
  cards\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, did ... owe any money in his/her \
     own name for store bills or credit cards? \
U All persons age 15+ (EAGE ge 15) who have \
  debt in their own name (EALIL=1). \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AALIDB      1    175\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALIDB\
     Allocation flag for whether ... owed any \
     money for store bills/ credit cards in \
     own name. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALIDL      2    176\
T AL: Owes in own name for loans\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, did ... owe any money in their \
     own name for loans from financial \
     institution \
U All persons age 15+ (EAGE ge 15) who have \
  debt in their own name (EALIL=1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AALIDL      1    178\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALIDL\
     Allocation flag for whether ... owed any \
     money for loans in own name. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALIDO      2    179\
T AL: Owes in own name for other debts\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, did ... owe any money in his/her \
     own name for any other debt we have not \
     yet mentioned (include medical bills not \
     covered by insurance, money owed to \
     private individuals, and any other debt \
     not covered; exclude mortgages, home \
     equity loans, and car loans? \
U All persons age 15+ who have debt in their \
  own name (EALIL=1 and EAGE ge 15) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AALIDO      1    181\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALIDO\
     Allocation flag for whether ... owed any \
     money for debt in own name. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALIDAB     8    182\
T AL: Amount owed for store bills/credit cards\
  in own name\
     How much was owed as of the last day of \
     the reference period for store bills or \
     credit card bills? \
U All persons age 15+ that owed money for \
  bills as of the last day of the reference \
  period (EALIDB=1) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V 1:99999999 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AALIDAB     1    190\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALIDAB\
     Allocation flag for how much money did \
     you owe for credit cards in own name as \
     of the last day of the reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALIDAL     8    191\
T AL: Amount of loans owed in own name\
     How much was owed as of the last day of \
     the reference period for loans obtained \
     through a bank or credit union, other \
     than car loans or home equity loans? \
U All persons age 15+ that owed money for \
  bills as of the last day of the reference \
  period (EALIDL =1) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V 1:99999999 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AALIDAL     1    199\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALIDAL\
     Allocation flag for how much money did \
     you owe for loans through a bank or \
     credit union, other than car loans or \
     home equity loans in own name as of the \
     last day of the reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALIDAO     8    200\
T AL: Amount of other debt owed in own name.\
     How much was owed as of the last day of \
     the reference period for any other debt \
     we have not yet mentioned (include \
     medical bills not covered by insurance, \
     money owed to private individuals, and \
     any other debt not covered; exclude \
     mortgages, home equity loans, and car \
     loans)? \
U All persons age 15+ that owed money for \
  bills as of the last day of the reference \
  period (EALIDO =1) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V 1:99999999 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AALIDAO     1    208\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALIDAO\
     Allocation flag for how much money did \
     you owe for debt in own name as of the \
     last day of the reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALR        2    209\
T AL: IRA account in own name\
     I recorded earlier that ... owned an IRA \
     or KEOGH account. As of the last day of \
     the reference period did you have any \
     Individual Retirement Accounts - any IRAs \
     - in ...'s OWN name? \
U All persons age 15+ that had an IRA (EAGE ge \
  15 and EAST1B=1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AALR        1    211\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALR\
     Allocation flag for whether or not ... \
     had any Individual Retirement Accounts - \
     any IRAs - in ... OWN name as of the last \
     day of the reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALRY       2    212\
T AL: Number of years contributed to your IRA\
  account\
     How many years have you contributed to \
     your IRA accounts? \
U All persons age 15+ who had an IRA in their \
  own name during the reference period (EALR \
  =1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe for perons under\
V            .age 15\
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V       1:25 .Number of years\
\
D AALRY       1    214\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALRY\
     Allocation flag for the number of years \
     the respondent contributed to their IRA \
     account. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TALRB       6    215\
T AL: Market value of IRA account in own name\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, what was the total balance or \
     market value (including interest earned) \
     of the IRA accounts in ...'s own name? \
U All persons age 15+ who had an IRA in their \
  own name during the reference period (EAGE \
  ge 15 and EALR =1) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V   1:178000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AALRB       1    221\
T AL: Allocation flag for TALRB\
     Allocation flag for the total balance or \
     market value (including interest earned) \
     of ... IRA accounts in own name. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALRA1      2    222\
T AL: Kinds of assets in IRA accounts\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, which kinds of assets did ... \
     hold in ... IRA accounts? Was the IRA \
     invested in - 1) Certificates of deposit \
     or other saving certificates 2) Money \
     market funds 3) U.S. Government \
     securities 4) Municipal or corporate \
     bonds 5) U.S. Savings Bonds 6) Stocks or \
     mutual fund shares 7) Other assets \
U All persons age 15+ who had an IRA in own \
  name during the reference period (EAGE ge 15 \
  and EALR=1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V        1:7 .Account categories\
\
D AALRA1      1    224\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALRA1\
     Allocation flag for the kinds of assets \
     ... held in IRA account. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALRA2      2    225\
T AL: Kinds of assets in IRA accounts\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, which kinds of assets did ... \
     hold in ... IRA accounts? Was the IRA \
     invested in - 1) Certificates of deposit \
     or other saving certificates 2) Money \
     market funds 3) U.S. Government \
     securities 4) Municipal or corporate \
     bonds 5) U.S. Savings Bonds 6) Stocks or \
     mutual fund shares 7) Other assets \
U All persons age 15+ who had an IRA in own \
  name during the reference period (EAGE ge 15 \
  and EALR =1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V        1:7 .Account categories\
\
D AALRA2      1    227\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALRA2\
     Allocation flag for the kinds of assets \
     ... held in IRA account. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALRA3      2    228\
T AL: Kinds of assets in IRA accounts\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, which kinds of assets did ... \
     hold in ...'s IRA accounts? Was the IRA \
     invested in - 1) Certificates of deposits \
     or other saving certificates 2) Money \
     market funds 3) U.S. Government \
     securities 4) Municipal or corporate \
     bonds 5) U.S. Savings Bonds 6) Stocks or \
     mutual fund shares 7) Other assets \
U All persons age 15+ who had an IRA in own \
  name during the reference period (EAGE ge 15 \
  and EALR =1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V        1:7 .Account categories\
\
D AALRA3      1    230\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALRA3\
     Allocation flag for the kinds of assets \
     ... held in IRA account. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALRA4      2    231\
T AL: Kinds of assets in IRA accounts\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, which kinds of assets did ... \
     hold in ...'s IRA accounts? Was the IRA \
     invested in - 1) Certificates of deposit \
     or other saving certificates 2) Money \
     market funds 3) U.S. Government \
     securities 4) Municipal or corporate \
     bonds 5) U.S. Savings Bonds 6) Stocks or \
     mutual fund shares 7) Other assets \
U All persons age 15+ who had an IRA in own \
  name during the reference period (EAGE ge 15 \
  and EALR =1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V        1:7 .Account type categories\
\
D AALRA4      1    233\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALRA4\
     Allocation flag for the kinds of assets \
     ... held in IRA account. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALK        2    234\
T AL: Owning a KEOGH account\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, did ... have a KEOGH account in \
     his/her own name? \
U All persons age 15+ and owned a KEOGH \
  account (EAGE ge 15 and EAST1B=1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AALK        1    236\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALK\
     Allocation flag for whether ... had a \
     KEOGH account in own name. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALKY       2    237\
T AL: Years contributed to KEOGH account\
     For how many years has/have ... \
     contributed to ...'s KEOGH account? \
U All persons age 15+ who had a KEOGH plan in \
  own name during the reference period (EALK = \
  1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe for perons under\
V            .age 15\
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V       1:25 .Number of years\
\
D AALKY       1    239\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALKY\
     Allocation flag for the number of years \
     ... had contributed to KEOGH account held \
     in own name \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TALKB       6    240\
T AL: Market value of KEOGH account\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, what was the total balance or \
     market value of assets in ...'s KEOGH \
     account(s) in own name? \
U All persons age 15+ who had a KEOGH plan in \
  own name during the reference period (EAGE \
  ge 15 and EALK=1) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V   1:170000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AALKB       1    246\
T AL: Allocation flag for TALKB\
     Allocation flag for the total balance of \
     the assets in ...'s KEOGH account. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALKA1      2    247\
T AL: Kinds of assets in KEOGH accounts\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, which kinds of assets did ... \
     hold in ...'s KEOGH account(s)? Was it \
     invested in - 1) Certificates of deposit \
     or other savings certificates 2) Money \
     market funds 3) U.S. Government \
     securities 4) Municipal or corporate \
     bonds 5) U.S. Savings Bonds 6) Stocks or \
     mutual fund shares 7) Other assets \
U All persons age 15+ who had a KEOGH plan in \
  own name during the reference period (EAGE \
  ge 15 and EALK = 1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V        1:7 .Account type categories\
\
D AALKA1      1    249\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALKA1\
     Allocation flag for the which kinds of \
     assets ... held in KEOGH account. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALKA2      2    250\
T AL: Kinds of assets in KEOGH accounts\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, which kinds of assets did ... \
     hold in ...'s KEOGH account(s)? Was it \
     invested in - 1) Certificates of deposit \
     or other savings certificates 2) Money \
     market funds 3) U.S. Government \
     securities 4) Municipal or corporate \
     bonds 5) U.S. Savings Bonds 6) Stocks or \
     mutual fund shares 7) Other assets \
U All persons age 15+ who had a KEOGH plan in \
  own name during the reference period (EAGE \
  ge 15 and EALK = 1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V        1:7 .Account type categories\
\
D AALKA2      1    252\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALKA2\
     Allocation flag for kinds of assets ... \
     held in KEOGH account. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALKA3      2    253\
T AL: Kinds of assets in KEOGH accounts\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, which kinds of assets did ... \
     hold in ...'s KEOGH account(s)? Was it \
     invested in - 1) Certificates of deposit \
     or other savings certificates 2) Money \
     market funds 3) U.S. Government \
     securities 4) Municipal or corporate \
     bonds 5) U.S. Savings Bonds 6) Stocks or \
     mutual fund shares 7) Other assets \
U All persons age 15+ who had a KEOGH plan in \
  own name during the reference period (EAGE \
  ge 15 and EALK = 1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V        1:7 .Account type categories\
\
D AALKA3      1    255\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALKA3\
     Allocation flag for kinds of assets... \
     held in KEOGH account. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALKA4      2    256\
T AL: Kinds of assets in KEOGH account(s)\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, which kinds of assets did ... \
     hold in ...'s KEOGH account(s)? Was it \
     invested in - 1) Certificates of deposit \
     or other savings certificates 2) Money \
     market funds 3) U.S. Government \
     securities 4) Municipal or corporate \
     bonds 5) U.S. Savings Bonds 6) Stocks or \
     mutual fund shares 7) Other assets \
U All persons age 15+ who had a KEOGH plan in \
  own name during the reference period (EAGE \
  ge 15 and EALK = 1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V        1:7 .Account type categories\
\
D AALKA4      1    258\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALKA4\
     Allocation flag for the kinds of assets \
     ... held in KEOGH account. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALT        2    259\
T AL: Owning a 401K plan in own name\
     I recorded earlier that ... owned a 401K \
     or thrift plan. As of the last day of the \
     reference period, did ... have any 401K \
     or thrift plans in his/her own name? \
U All persons age 15+ that had a 401k account \
  in own name during the reference period \
  (EAGE .ge. 15 and EAST1C=1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AALT        1    261\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALT\
     Allocation flag for whether the \
     respondent owned a 401K plan or thrift \
     plan in own name. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALTY       2    262\
T AL: Years contributed to 401K plan\
     For how many years has ... contributed to \
     ... 401K or thrift plan(s)? \
U All persons age 15+ who had a 401k account \
  in own name during the reference period \
  (EAGE ge 15 and EALT = 1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe for perons under\
V            .age 15\
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V       1:17 .Number of years\
\
D AALTY       1    264\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALTY\
     Allocation flag for the number of years \
     respondent owned a 401K plan or thrift \
     plan in own name. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TALTB       6    265\
T AL: Value of 401K in own name\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, what was the total balance or \
     market value (including interest earned) \
     of any 401K or thrift plans held in ...'s \
     own name? \
U All persons age 15+ who had a 401K account \
  in own name during the reference period \
  (EAGE ge 15 and EALT=1) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V   1:180000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AALTB       1    271\
T AL: Allocation for TALTB\
     Allocation flag for the total value held \
     in the respondents 401K plan or thrift \
     plan.. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALTA1      2    272\
T AL: Kinds of assets in 401K plan\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, which kinds of assets did ... \
     hold in ...'s 401K or thrift plans? Was \
     your 401k/thrift plan invested in - 1) \
     Certificates of deposit or other saving \
     certificates 2) Money market funds 3) \
     U.S. Government securities 4) Municipal \
     or corporate bonds 5) U.S. Savings Bonds \
     6) Stocks or mutual fund shares 7) Other \
     assets \
U All persons age 15+ who had a 401K account \
  in own name during the reference period \
  (EAGE ge 15, EALT = 1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V        1:7 .Account type categories\
\
D AALTA1      1    274\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALTA1\
     Allocation flag for the kinds of asset \
     held in . . .'s 401K plan or thrift \
     plan.. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALTA2      2    275\
T AL: Kinds of assets in 401K plan\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, which kinds of assets did ... \
     hold in ...'s 401K or thrift plans? Was \
     your 401k/thrift plan invested in - 1) \
     Certificates of deposit or other saving \
     certificates 2) Money market funds 3) \
     U.S. Government securities 4) Municipal \
     or corporate bonds 5) U.S. Savings Bonds \
     6) Stocks or mutual fund shares 7) Other \
     assets \
U All persons age 15+ who had a 401K account \
  in own name during the reference period \
  (EAGE ge 15, EALT = 1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V        1:7 .Account type categories\
\
D AALTA2      1    277\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALTA2\
     Allocation flag for the kinds of assets \
     held in ...'s 401K plan or thrift plan. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALTA3      2    278\
T AL: Kinds of assets in 401K plan\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, which kinds of assets did... hold \
     in ...'s 401K or thrift plans? Was your \
     401k/thrift plan invested in - 1) \
     Certificates of deposit or other saving \
     certificates 2) Money market funds 3) \
     U.S. Government securities 4) Municipal \
     or corporate bonds 5) U.S. Savings Bonds \
     6) Stocks or mutual fund shares 7) Other \
     assets \
U All persons age 15+ who had a 401K account \
  in own name during the reference period \
  (EAGE ge 15, EALT = 1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V        1:7 .Account type categories\
\
D AALTA3      1    280\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALTA3\
     Allocation flag for the kinds of assets \
     held in ...'s 401K plan or thrift plan. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALTA4      2    281\
T AL: Kinds of assets in 401K plan\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, which kinds of assets did ... \
     hold in ...'s 401K or thrift plans? Was \
     your 401K/thrift plan invested in - 1) \
     Certificates of deposit or other saving \
     certificates 2) Money market funds 3) \
     U.S. Government securities 4) Municipal \
     or corporate bonds 5) U.S. Savings Bonds \
     6) Stocks or mutual fund shares 7) Other \
     assets \
U All persons age 15+ who had a 401k account \
  in own name during the reference period \
  (EAGE ge 15, EALT = 1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V        1:7 .Account type categories\
\
D AALTA4      1    283\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALTA4\
     Allocation flag for the kinds of assets \
     held in ...'s 401K plan or thrift plan. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALLI       2    284\
T AL: Did you have any life insurance?\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, did ... have any life insurance? \
     (Include group policies provided by \
     employers.) \
U All persons age 15+ that had life insurance \
  of some kind during the reference period \
  (EAGE ge 15) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AALLI       1    286\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALLI\
     Allocation flag for whether the \
     respondent had any life insurance. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TALLIV      6    287\
T AL: Value of life insurance policies\
     What is the CURRENT FACE VALUE of ALL \
     life insurance policies that ... has? \
U All persons age 15+ who had life insurance \
  of some kind during the reference period \
  (EAGE ge 15 and EALLI = 1) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V   1:750000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AALLIV      1    293\
T AL: Allocation flag for TALLIV\
     Allocation for current face value of life \
     insurance ... had. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALLIT      2    294\
T AL: Type of life insurance policy\
     What types of life insurance does ... \
     have - is it "term insurance," "whole \
     life," or does ... have both of these \
     types? \
U All persons age 15+ who had life insurance \
  of some kind during the reference period \
  (EALLI=1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Term only\
V          2 .Whole life only\
V          3 .Both types\
\
D AALLIT      1    296\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALLIT\
     Allocation flag for the type of life \
     insurance the respondent has. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EALLIE      2    297\
T AL: Was life insurance through employer?\
     Are any of ... life insurance policies \
     provided through ...'s current \
     employer(s)? \
U All persons age 15+ who had at least one job \
  during the reference period (EAGE ge 15 and \
  EPDJBTHN = 1) \
V         -1 .Universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AALLIE      1    299\
T AL: Allocation flag for EALLIE\
     Allocation flag for whether ... had life \
     insurance through current employer. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TALLIEV     6    300\
T AL: Value of life insurance from employer\
     What is the FACE VALUE of the life \
     insurance policies provided through ...'s \
     employer(s)? \
U All persons age 15+ who had life insurance \
  of some kind during the reference period \
  that was provided through current employer. \
  (EAGE ge 15 and EALLIE= 1) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V   1:360000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AALLIEV     1    306\
T AL:Allocation for TALLIEV\
     Allocation flag for the face value of the \
     life insurance policies provided through \
     employer. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EPOAUNV     2    307\
T OA: Universe Indicator for Other Financial\
  Assets\
     Universe indicator for other financial \
     assets, interest earnings accounts, \
     stocks and mutual funds, rental \
     properties and mortgage topical modules. \
U All persons \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .In universe\
\
D EOAEQ       8    309\
T OA: Equity in investments\
     Earlier ... reported owning other \
     financial investments. What was ...'s \
     equity in these other financial \
     investments? By equity, we mean the total \
     market value less any debts held against \
     it. If the investments are jointly owned, \
     count only ...'s share of equity. \
U All persons age 15 or over owning "other \
  financial investments" (EAGE.ge.15 and \
  EAST4C=1) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V 1:99999999 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AOAEQ       1    317\
T OA: Allocation flag for EOAEQ\
     Allocation flag for the equity in other \
     financial investments. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TIAJTA      5    318\
T IE: Amount in joint interest earning account\
     I recorded earlier that ... owned these \
     assets jointly with ... spouse: Interest \
     bearing checking accounts Savings \
     accounts Money Market deposit accounts \
     Certificate of deposit (CD) As of last \
     day of the reference period what was the \
     total amount that ... and spouse had in \
     these jointly held accounts? \
U All married persons age 15+ who had joint \
  interest earning accounts. (EAGE ge 15 and \
  EMS = 1 and (ECKJT=1 and/or ESVJT=1 and/or \
  EMDJT =1 and/or ECDJT=1)).<BR> \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V    1:75000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AIAJTA      1    323\
T IE: Allocation flag for TIAJTA\
     Allocation flag for amount of money ... \
     had in jointly held interest earning \
     accounts with spouse. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TIAITA      6    324\
T IE: Amount in own interest earning account\
     [Earlier...told me that ... owned the \
     following assets in ...'s own name.] As \
     of the last day of the reference period, \
     what was the total amount that ... had in \
     these account(s)? Interest bearing \
     checking accounts Savings accounts Money \
     Market deposit accounts Certificate of \
     deposit (CD) \
U All persons age 15+ who reported holding \
  interest-earning assets. (EAGE ge 15 and \
  (ECKOAST=1 and/or ESVOAST=1 and/or EMDOAST \
  =1 and/or ECDOAST=1) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V   1:110000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AIAITA      1    330\
T IE: Allocation flag for TIAITA\
     Allocation flag for amount of money ... \
     had in interest earning accounts held in \
     own name. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TIMJA       6    331\
T IE: Amount in joint bonds/US securities\
     I recorded earlier that you and your \
     spouse jointly owned: Municipal or \
     Corporate Bonds and/or U.S. Government \
     Securities As of the last day of the \
     reference period, what was the total \
     amount that ... and spouse had in their \
     jointly held accounts? \
U All married persons age 15+ who reported \
  holding municipal or corporate bonds, or US \
  Government securities jointly with a spouse. \
  (EAGE ge 15 and EMS=1 and (EBDJT=1 and/or \
  EGVJT=1)). \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V   1:230000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AIMJA       1    337\
T IE: Allocation flag for TIMJA\
     Allocation flag for amount of money ... \
     had in joint muncipal bonds or corporate \
     bonds and/or U.S. securities with spouse. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TIMIA       6    338\
T IE: Amount of bonds/securities in own name\
     Earlier you told me that you owned in \
     your own name: Municipal or Corporate \
     Bonds and or U.S. Government Securities \
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, what was the total amount that \
     ... held in these account? \
U All persons age 15+ who reported holding \
  municipal or corporate bonds, or US \
  Government securities (EAGE .ge. 15 and \
  EMS=1 and SPSPTAT = 2 and (EBDOAST=1 and/or \
  EGVOAST=1) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V   1:773000 .Amount of bond/securities\
\
D AIMIA       1    344\
T IE: Allocation flag for TIMIA\
     Allocation flag for amount of money ... \
     had in muncipal bonds or corporate bonds \
     and/or U.S. securities owned in own name. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ESMJM       2    345\
T SM: Mutual funds owned jointly with spouse\
     Did ... own any mutual funds jointly with \
     ...'s spouse as of the last day of \
     reference period? \
U All married persons age 15+ who reported \
  owning mutual funds [EAGE ge 15, EAST3A = 1 \
  and EMS=1] \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D ASMJM       1    347\
T SM: Allocation flag for ESMJM\
     Allocation flag of whether respondent \
     owns joint mutual funds with spouse as of \
     last day of the reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ESMJS       2    348\
T SM: Stocks owned jointly with spouse\
     Did ... own any stocks jointly with ...'s \
     spouse as of the last day of the \
     reference period? \
U All married persons age 15+ who reported \
  owning stocks in the core instrument [EAGE \
  ge 15, EAST3B = 1 and EMS=1] \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D ASMJS       1    350\
T SM: Allocation flag for ESMJS\
     Allocation flag for owning joint stocks \
     with spouse as of last day of the \
     reference period \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ESMJV       8    351\
T SM: Value of joint stocks/funds owned with\
  spouse\
     As of the last day of reference period, \
     what was the market value of the mutual \
     funds and/or stocks held jointly by ... \
     and ...'s spouse. (Exclude stock in own \
     corporation if value of that corporation \
     was already obtained.) \
U All married persons age 15+ who jointly own \
  stocks and/or mutual funds with spouse. \
  (ESMJM = 1 or ESMJS = 1) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V 1:99999999 .Amount in dollars\
\
D ASMJV       1    359\
T SM: Allocation flag for ESMJV\
     Allocation flag for market value of \
     jointly held stocks and mutual funds with \
     spouse as of last day of the reference \
     period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ESMJMA      2    360\
T SM: Debt against jointly owned \
  stocks/mutual funds\
     Was any debt or margin account held \
     against these jointly held mutual funds \
     and stocks as of last day of reference \
     period? (Exclude stock in own corporation \
     if value of that corporation was already \
     obtained.) \
U All married persons age 15+ who had a market \
  value for the jointly owned stocks and \
  mutual funds with spouse greater than zero \
  (ESMJV > 0) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D ASMJMA      1    362\
T SM: Allocation variable for ESMJMA.\
     Allocation flag for whether or not there \
     was any debt or margin account held \
     against jointly owned stocks and mutual \
     funds with spouse. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ESMJMAV     8    363\
T SM: Amount of debt on jointly owned\
  stocks/mutual funds\
     As of last day of reference period, what \
     was the amount of the debt or margin \
     account? \
U Universe All married persons age 15+ who had \
  a debt or margin account on their jointly \
  owned stocks and mutual funds (ESMJMA=1). \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V 1:99999999 .Amount in dollars\
\
D ASMJMAV     1    371\
T SM: Allocation variable for ESMJMAV.\
     Allocation flag for the amount of the \
     debt or margin account on the \
     respondent's jointly held stocks and \
     mutual funds with their spouse. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ESMI        2    372\
T SM: Stocks or funds owned in own name\
     Besides the stocks or mutual fund shares \
     held jointly with ...'s spouse, did ... \
     hold any other stocks or mutual fund \
     shares in ...'s own name as of last day \
     of reference period? \
U : All persons age 15+ who reported owning \
  stocks and/or mutual fund shares. [EAGE ge \
  15 and (EAST3A = 1 or EAST3B=1)] \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D ASMI        1    374\
T SM: Allocation flag for ESMI.\
     Allocation flag for whether or not \
     respondent owned stocks or funds in own \
     name as of the last day of the reference \
     period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ESMIV       8    375\
T SM: Value of stocks/funds in own name\
     As of the last day of reference period, \
     what was the market value of the mutual \
     funds and/or stocks held in ...'s own \
     name? (Exclude stock in own corporation \
     if value of that corporation was already \
     obtained.) \
U All persons age 15+ who own stocks and/or \
  mutual funds in own name. [ESMI= 1 and \
  (EAST3A=1 or EAST3B=1)] \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V 1:99999999 .amount in dollars\
\
D ASMIV       1    383\
T SM: Allocation flag for ESMIV\
     Allocation flag for market value of \
     stocks and mutual funds owned in own name \
     as of last day of the reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ESMIMA      2    384\
T SM: Debt on stocks/funds in own name\
     Did... have a debt or margin account held \
     against these stocks or mutual funds as \
     of the last day of the reference period? \
U All persons age 15+ who had a market value \
  for stocks and mutual funds owned in own \
  name greater than zero. (ESMIV > 0 or \
  ESMI=1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D ASMIMA      1    386\
T SM: Allocation flag for ESMIMA\
     Allocation flag for whether or not there \
     was any debt or margin account held \
     against stocks and mutual funds that were \
     owned in own name. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ESMIMAV     8    387\
T SM: Debt on stocks/funds in own name\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, what was the amount of the debt \
     or margin account? \
U All persons age 15+ who had a debt or margin \
  account on their stocks and mutual funds \
  owned in own name. (ESMIMA=1 or ESMI=1) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V 1:99999999 .amount in dollars\
\
D ASMIMAV     1    395\
T SM:Allocation flag for ESMIMAV\
     Allocation flag for the amount of the \
     debt or margin account on the \
     respondent's stocks and mutual funds \
     owned in own name. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERJOWN      2    396\
T RT: Own rental property jointly with spouse\
     Did ... and ...'s spouse own rental \
     property as of the last day of the \
     reference period? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned rental \
  property and were married during the \
  reference period (EAGE ge 15, EAST4A=1, EMS \
  = 1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D ARJOWN      1    398\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERJOWN\
     Allocation flag for whether the \
     respondent owns rental properties jointly \
     with spouse as of the last day of the \
     rental period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERJNUM      2    399\
T RT: Numbr of rentl proprties jointly hld\
  with spouse\
     How many rental properties did ... own \
     jointly with ...'s spouse as of the last \
     day of the reference period? \
U All married persons age 15+ who owned rental \
  property jointly with a spouse during the \
  reference period (ERJOWN = 1) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V       1:99 .Number of rental properties\
\
D ARJNUM      1    401\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERJNUM\
     Allocation flag for number of rental \
     properties jointly owned with spouse as \
     of the last day of the reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERJTYP1     2    402\
T RT: Type of rental property jointly owned\
  with spouse\
     What type of rental property(s) were \
     owned jointly with spouse? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned rental \
  property jointly with a spouse during the \
  reference period [ERJNUM ge 1] \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Vacation home\
V          2 .Other residential property\
V          3 .Farm property\
V          4 .Commercial property\
V          5 .Equipment\
V          6 .Other\
\
D ARJTYP1     1    404\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERJTYP1\
     Allocation flag for the first type of \
     rental property respondent jointly owned \
     with spouse as of the last day of the \
     reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERJTYP2     2    405\
T RT: Type of rental property owned jointly\
  with spouse\
     What type of rental property(s) were \
     owned jointly with spouse? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned at least two \
  rental properties jointly with a spouse \
  during the reference period [ERJNUM ge 2] \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Vacation home\
V          2 .Other residential property\
V          3 .Farm property\
V          4 .Commercial property\
V          5 .Equipment\
V          6 .Other\
\
D ARJTYP2     1    407\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERJTYP2\
     Allocation flag for the second type of \
     rental property respondent jointly owned \
     with spouse as of the last day of the \
     reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERJTYP3     2    408\
T RT: Type of rental property owned jointly\
  with spouse\
     What type of rental property(s) were \
     owned jointly with spouse? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned at least three \
  rental properties jointly with a spouse \
  during the reference period [ERJNUM ge 3] \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Vacation home\
V          2 .Other residential property\
V          3 .Farm property\
V          4 .Commercial property\
V          5 .Equipment\
V          6 .Other\
\
D ARJTYP3     1    410\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERJTYP3\
     Allocation flag for the third type of \
     rental property respondent jointly owned \
     with spouse as of the last day of the \
     reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERJTYP4     2    411\
T RT: Type of rental property owned jointly\
  with spouse\
     What type of rental property(s) were \
     owned jointly with spouse? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned at least four \
  rental properties jointly with a spouse \
  during the reference period [ERJNUM ge 4] \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Vacation home\
V          2 .Other residential property\
V          3 .Farm property\
V          4 .Commercial property\
V          5 .Equipment\
V          6 .Other\
\
D ARJTYP4     1    413\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERJTYP4\
     Allocation flag for the fourth type of \
     rental property respondent jointly owned \
     with spouse as of the last day of the \
     reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERJTYP5     2    414\
T RT: Type of rental property owned jointly\
  with spouse\
     What type of rental property(s) were \
     owned jointly with spouse? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned at least five \
  rental property jointly with a spouse during \
  the reference period [ERJNUM ge 5] \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Vacation home\
V          2 .Other residential property\
V          3 .Farm property\
V          4 .Commercial property\
V          5 .Equipment\
V          6 .Other\
\
D ARJTYP5     1    416\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERJTYP5\
     Allocation flag for the fifth type of \
     rental property respondent jointly owned \
     with spouse as of the last day of the \
     reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERJTYP6     2    417\
T RT: Type of rental property owned jointly\
  with spouse\
     What type of rental property(s) were \
     owned jointly with spouse? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned at least six \
  rental property jointly with a spouse during \
  the reference period [ERJNUM ge 6] \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Vacation home\
V          2 .Other residential property\
V          3 .Farm property\
V          4 .Commercial property\
V          5 .Equipment\
V          6 .Other\
\
D ARJTYP6     1    419\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERJTYP6\
     Allocation flag for the sixth type of \
     rental property respondent jointly owned \
     with spouse as of the last day of the \
     reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERJAT       2    420\
T RT: Jnt rentl prop attachd to/on same land\
  as residence\
     Were any of these rental properties \
     attached to or located on the same land \
     as ...own residence? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned rental \
  property jointly with a spouse during the \
  reference period (ERJNUM >0) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D ARJAT       1    422\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERJAT\
     Allocation flag for whether rental \
     properties jointly owned with spouse were \
     attached to or on same land as own \
     residence. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERJATA      2    423\
T RT: All joint rent prop attachd to same land\
  as residence\
     Were all of these rental properties \
     attached to or located on the same land \
     as... own residence? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned rental \
  property jointly with a spouse during the \
  reference period and at least one rental \
  property was attached to or located on the \
  same land as residence (ERJAT=1 and ERJNUM \
  ge 2) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D ARJATA      1    425\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERJATA\
     Allocation flag for whether rental \
     properties jointly owned with spouse are \
     attached to or on same land as \
     respondent's residence. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TRJMV       6    426\
T RT: Market value of joint rental not on land\
  of residence\
     [Excluding rental properties attached to \
     or located on ... own residence], what \
     was the total market value of the rental \
     property as of the last day of the \
     reference period? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned rental \
  property jointly with a spouse during the \
  reference period that were not all on or \
  attached to residence (ERJATA=2 or ERJAT=2) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V   1:365000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D ARJMV       1    432\
T RT: Allocation flag for TRJMV\
     Allocation flag for market value of \
     rental properties jointly owned with a \
     spouse not attached to or located on the \
     same land as respondent's residence as of \
     the last day of reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERJDEB      2    433\
T RT: Debt on rental properties held jointly\
  with spouse\
     Excluding rental properties attached to \
     or located on ... own residence, was \
     there a mortgage, deed of trust, or other \
     debt on the rental property as of the \
     last day of the reference period? \
U All persons 15+ who own rental property \
  jointly with a spouse during the reference \
  period, and they were not all attached to or \
  located on own residence (ERJATA=2 or \
  ERJAT=2) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D ARJDEB      1    435\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERJDEB\
     Allocation flag for whether there is debt \
     on rental property jointly owned with a \
     spouse that is not attached to or located \
     on own residence as of the last day of \
     the reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TRJPRI      6    436\
T RT: Principal owed on joint rental property\
  with spouse\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, how much principal was owed on \
     the rental property owned jointly with \
     spouse? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned rental \
  property jointly with a spouse during the \
  reference period and had at least one \
  mortgage on a rental property that wasn't \
  attached or located on the residence \
  (ERJDEB=1) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V   1:175000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D ARJPRI      1    442\
T RT: Allocation flag for TRJPRI\
     Allocation flag for amount of principal \
     owed as of the last day of the reference \
     period on jointly owned rental property \
     not attached to respondent's residence. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERIOWN      2    443\
T RT: Rental property owned in own name\
     Did ... own any rental property in ...'s \
     own name as of the last day of the rental \
     period? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned rental \
  property during the reference period (EAGE \
  ge 15 and EAST4A=1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D ARIOWN      1    445\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERIOWN\
     Allocation flag for whether respondent \
     owned rental property in own name as of \
     the last day of the reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERINUM      2    446\
T RT: Number of rental properties in own name\
     How many rental properties did... own in \
     ...'s name as of the last day of the \
     reference period? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned rental \
  property by themselves during the reference \
  period. (ERIOWN =1) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V       1:99 .Number of rental properties\
\
D ARINUM      1    448\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERINUM\
     Allocation flag for number of rental \
     properties owned in respondent's own name \
     as of the last day of the reference \
     period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERITYPE1    2    449\
T RT: First type of rental property owned in\
  own name\
     What type of rental property did ... own? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned rental \
  property in own name (ERINUM .ge. 1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Vacation home\
V          2 .Other residential property\
V          3 .Farm property\
V          4 .Commercial property\
V          5 .Equipment\
V          6 .Other\
\
D ARITYPE1    1    451\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERITYPE1\
     Allocation flag for the first type of \
     rental property the respondent owns in \
     own name. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERITYPE2    2    452\
T RT: Second type of rental property owned in\
  own name\
     What type of rental property did ... own? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned at least 2 \
  rental properties in own name (ERINUM .ge. \
  2) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Vacation home\
V          2 .Other residential property\
V          3 .Farm property\
V          4 .Commercial property\
V          5 .Equipment\
V          6 .Other\
\
D ARITYPE2    1    454\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERITYPE2\
     Allocation flag for the second type of \
     rental property the respondent owns in \
     own name. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERITYPE3    2    455\
T RT: Third type of rental property owned in\
  own name\
     What type of rental property did ... own? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned at least 3 \
  rental properties in own name (ERINUM .ge. \
  3) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Vacation home\
V          2 .Other residential property\
V          3 .Farm property\
V          4 .Commercial property\
V          5 .Equipment\
V          6 .Other\
\
D ARITYPE3    1    457\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERITYPE3\
     Allocation flag for the third type of \
     rental property the respondent owns in \
     own name. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERITYPE4    2    458\
T RT: Fourth type of rental property owned in\
  own name\
     What type of rental property did ... own? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned at least 4 \
  rental properties in own name (ERINUM .ge. \
  4) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Vacation home\
V          2 .Other residential property\
V          3 .Farm property\
V          4 .Commercial property\
V          5 .Equipment\
V          6 .Other\
\
D ARITYPE4    1    460\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERITYPE4\
     Allocation flag for the fourth type of \
     rental property the respondent owns in \
     own name. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERITYPE5    2    461\
T RT: Fifth type of rental property owned in\
  own name\
     What type of rental property did ... own? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned at least 5 \
  rental properties in their own name (ERINUM \
  .ge. 5). \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Vacation home\
V          2 .Other residential property\
V          3 .Farm property\
V          4 .Commercial property\
V          5 .Equipment\
V          6 .Other\
\
D ARITYPE5    1    463\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERITYPE5\
     Allocation flag for the fifth type of \
     rental property the respondent owns in \
     own name. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERITYPE6    2    464\
T RT: Sixth type of rental property owned in\
  own name\
     What type of rental property did ... own? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned at least 6 \
  rental properties in own name (ERINUM .ge. \
  6). \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Vacation home\
V          2 .Other residential property\
V          3 .Farm property\
V          4 .Commercial property\
V          5 .Equipment\
V          6 .Other\
\
D ARITYPE6    1    466\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERITYPE6\
     Allocation flag for the sixth type of \
     rental property the respondent owns in \
     own name. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERIAT       2    467\
T RT: Rental property in own name on/attachd\
  to residence\
     Were any of these rental properties \
     attached to or located on the same land \
     as ...'s own residence? \
U All persons 15+ with at least one rental \
  property owned in their own name (ERINUM > \
  0) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D ARIAT       1    469\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERIAT\
     Allocation flag for whether rental \
     property in respondent's own name is \
     attached to or located on the same land \
     as own residence. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERIATA      2    470\
T RT: All rental property in own name\
  on/attachd to residence\
     Were all of these rental properties \
     attached to or located on the same land \
     as ... own residence? \
U All persons 15+ with at least one rental \
  property owned in own name attached to \
  residence (ERIAT = 1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D ARIATA      1    472\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERIATA\
     Allocation flag for whether all \
     respondent owned rental property attached \
     to or located on same land as own \
     residence. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TRIMV       6    473\
T RT: Market value of rental property owned in\
  own name\
     What was the total market value of rental \
     property? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned rental \
  property in own name as of the last day of \
  the reference period and had at least one \
  mortgage on a rental property that was not \
  attached or located on the residence \
  (ERIAT=2), or who own rental property in own \
  name and none of the rental properties are \
  attached to or located on residence \
  (ERIATA=2) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V   1:450000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D ARIMV       1    479\
T RT: Allocation flag for TRIMV\
     Allocation flag for total market value of \
     rental property not attached or located \
     on same land as own residence as of the \
     last day of the reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERIDEB      2    480\
T RT: Debt on own rental properties\
     Excluding rental properties attached to \
     or located on ...'s own residence, was \
     there a mortgage, deed of trust, or other \
     debt on the property as of the last day \
     of the reference period? \
U All persons 15 + who own rental property in \
  own name and at least one rental property is \
  not attached or located on residence \
  (ERIAT=2), or who own rental property in own \
  name and none of the rental properties are \
  attached to or located on residence \
  (ERIATA=2) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D ARIDEB      1    482\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERIDEB\
     Allocation flag for whether a mortgage, \
     deed of trust or other debt was held on \
     property in own name not attached to or \
     located on land of residence. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TRIPRI      6    483\
T RT: Principal owed on rental property in own\
  name\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, how much principal was owed on \
     the rental property? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned rental \
  property in own name and had a mortgage on \
  it as of the last day of the reference \
  period (ERIDEB=1) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V   1:230000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D ARIPRI      1    489\
T RT: Allocation flag for TRIPRI\
     Allocation flag for the amount of debt \
     owed on rental property in own name and \
     property not all located on or attached \
     to land of residence. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERTOWN      2    490\
T RT: Rental property held jointly with other\
  than spouse\
     Did... own any rental property jointly \
     with other(s) besides spouse as of the \
     last day of the reference period? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned rental \
  property during the reference period (EAGE \
  ge 15 and EAST4A=1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D ARTOWN      1    492\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERTOWN\
     Allocation flag for whether respondent \
     owns rental property jointly with \
     other(s) besides spouse. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERTNUM      2    493\
T RT: Number of rentals owned with others\
  besides spouse\
     How many rental properties did...own \
     jointly with someone besides a spouse as \
     of the last day of the reference period? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned rental \
  property jointly with someone besides a \
  spouse during the reference period (ERTOWN \
  =1) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V       1:99 .Number of other rentals\
\
D ARTNUM      1    495\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERTNUM\
     Allocation flag for how many rental \
     properties jointly owned with someone \
     besides a spouse as of the last day of \
     the reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERTTYPE1    2    496\
T RT: Type of rental property owned jointly\
  with other\
     What type of rental property(s) was owned \
     jointly with someone other than spouse? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned rental \
  property jointly with someone besides a \
  spouse during the reference period [ERTNUM \
  ge 1] \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Vacation home\
V          2 .Other residential property\
V          3 .Farm property\
V          4 .Commercial property\
V          5 .Equipment\
V          6 .Other\
\
D ARTTYPE1    1    498\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERTTYPE1\
     Allocation flag for the first type of \
     rental property respondent jointly owned \
     with someone other than a spouse as of \
     the last day of the reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERTTYPE2    2    499\
T RT: Type of rental property owned jointly\
  with other\
     What type of rental property(s) was owned \
     jointly with someone other than spouse? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned rental \
  property jointly with someone besides a \
  spouse during the reference period [ERTNUM \
  ge 2] \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Vacation home\
V          2 .Other residential property\
V          3 .Farm property\
V          4 .Commercial property\
V          5 .Equipment\
V          6 .Other\
\
D ARTTYPE2    1    501\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERTTYPE2\
     Allocation flag for the second type of \
     rental property respondent jointly owned \
     with someone other than a spouse as of \
     the last day of the reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERTTYPE3    2    502\
T RT: Type of rental property owned jointly\
  with other\
     What type of rental property(s) was owned \
     jointly with someone other than spouse? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned rental \
  property jointly with someone besides a \
  spouse during the reference period [ERTNUM \
  ge 3] \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Vacation home\
V          2 .Other residential property\
V          3 .Farm property\
V          4 .Commercial property\
V          5 .Equipment\
V          6 .Other\
\
D ARTTYPE3    1    504\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERTTYPE3\
     Allocation flag for the third type of \
     rental property respondent jointly owned \
     with someone other than a spouse as of \
     the last day of the reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERTTYPE4    2    505\
T RT: Type of rental property owned jointly\
  with other\
     What type of rental property(s) was owned \
     jointly with someone other than spouse? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned rental \
  property jointly with someone besides a \
  spouse during the reference period [ERTNUM \
  ge 4] \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Vacation home\
V          2 .Other residential property\
V          3 .Farm property\
V          4 .Commercial property\
V          5 .Equipment\
V          6 .Other\
\
D ARTTYPE4    1    507\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERTTYPE4\
     Allocation flag for the fourth type of \
     rental property respondent jointly owned \
     with someone other than a spouse as of \
     the last day of the reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERTTYPE5    2    508\
T RT: Type of rental property owned jointly\
  with other\
     What type of rental property(s) was owned \
     jointly with someone other than spouse? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned rental \
  property jointly with someone besides a \
  spouse during the reference period [ERTNUM \
  ge 5] \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Vacation home\
V          2 .Other residential property\
V          3 .Farm property\
V          4 .Commercial property\
V          5 .Equipment\
V          6 .Other\
\
D ARTTYPE5    1    510\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERTTYPE5\
     Allocation flag for the fifth type of \
     rental property respondent jointly owned \
     with someone other than a spouse as of \
     the last day of the reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERTTYPE6    2    511\
T RT: Type of rental property owned jointly\
  with other\
     What type of rental property(s) was owned \
     jointly with someone other than spouse? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned rental \
  property jointly with someone besides a \
  spouse during the reference period. [ERTNUM \
  ge 6] \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Vacation home\
V          2 .Other residential property\
V          3 .Farm property\
V          4 .Commercial property\
V          5 .Equipment\
V          6 .Other\
\
D ARTTYPE6    1    513\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERTTYPE6\
     Allocation flag for the sixth type of \
     rental property respondent jointly owned \
     with someone other than a spouse as of \
     the last day of the reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERTAT       2    514\
T RT: Rental property owned w/others on same\
  residence\
     Were any of these rental properties \
     attached to or located on the same land \
     as... own residence? \
U All persons age 15+ that owned rental \
  property jointly with someone besides a \
  spouse during the reference period (ERTNUM \
  ge 1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D ARTAT       1    516\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERTAT\
     Allocation flag for whether rental \
     properties jointly owned with other than \
     spouse were attached to or on same land \
     as own residence. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERTATA      2    517\
T RT: Joint property on/attached to own\
  residence\
     Were all of these rental properties \
     attached to or located on the same land \
     as ...'s own residence? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned at least two \
  rental properties jointly with someone \
  besides a spouse during the reference period \
  and at least one was attached to residence \
  (ERTNUM ge 2 and ERTAT=1) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D ARTATA      1    519\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERTAT\
     Allocation flag for whether rental \
     properties jointly owned with other than \
     spouse are attached to or on same land as \
     respondent's own residence. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TRTMV       7    520\
T RT: Market value of joint rental property\
  with others\
     Excluding rental properties attached to \
     or located on ...'s own residence what \
     was the total market value of the rental \
     property jointly owned with other than \
     spouse as of the last day of the \
     reference period? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned rental \
  property jointly with someone besides a \
  spouse during the reference period and not \
  all of the properties were attached to or \
  located on the same land as residence \
  (ERTATA=2), or who owned rental property \
  with someone besides spouse and not any of \
  the properties were attached to or located \
  on the same land as residence (ERTAT=2) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V  1:1800000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D ARTMV       1    527\
T RT: Allocation flag for TRTMV\
     Allocation flag for the total market \
     value of the rental property jointly \
     owned with other than spouse not all \
     located on or attached to land of \
     residence as of the last day of the \
     reference period? \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ERTDEB      2    528\
T RT: Debt on unattached joint rental prop\
  held w/other\
     Excluding rental properties attached to \
     or located on ...'s own residence, was \
     there a mortgage, deed of trust, or other \
     debt on the rental property as of the \
     last day of the reference period? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned rental \
  property jointly with someone besides a \
  spouse during the reference period and not \
  all of the properties were attached to or \
  located on the same land as residence \
  (ERTATA=2), or who owned rental property \
  with someone besides spouse and not any of \
  the properties were attached to or located \
  on the same land as residence (ERTAT=2) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D ARTDEB      1    530\
T RT: Allocation flag for ERTDEB\
     Allocation flag for whether there is debt \
     on rental property jointly owned with \
     other than a spouse that is not attached \
     to or located on own residence as of the \
     last day of the reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TRTPRI      6    531\
T RT: Principal owed on joint rental property\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, how much principal was owed on \
     the rental property owned jointly with \
     someone other than ...'s spouse? \
U All persons age 15+ who owned rental \
  property jointly with someone other than a \
  spouse during the reference period and had a \
  mortgage on it (ERTDEB=1)<BR> \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V   1:900000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D ARTPRI      1    537\
T RT: Allocation flag for TRTPRI\
     Allocation flag for amount of principal \
     owed as of the last day of the reference \
     period on rental property jointly owned \
     with other than spouse not attached to \
     respondent's residence. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TRTSHA      6    538\
T RT: Share of rental property held with other\
     Excluding rental properties attached to \
     or located on ...'s own residence, what \
     was the total value of ...'s share of \
     equity in the rental property owned \
     jointly with other than spouse as of the \
     last day of the reference period. \
     ("Equity" is the total market value less \
     any debts held against it.) \
U All persons age 15+ who owned rental \
  property jointly with someone other than a \
  spouse during the reference period that were \
  not all on or attached to residence and had \
  a mortgage on it (ERTNUM .ge. 1 and EAGE \
  .ge. 15) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V   1:300000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D ARTSHA      1    544\
T RT: Allocation flag for TRTSHA\
     Allocation flag for value of equity in \
     rental properties jointly owned with \
     other than a spouse not attached to or \
     located on the same land as respondent's \
     residence as of the last day of the \
     reference period. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EMJP        8    545\
T MO: Principal owed on joint mortgage(s) with\
  spouse\
     (Pre96-TM8126) As of the last day of \
     reference period, how much principal was \
     owed on the mortgage/mortgages ... held \
     with ...'s spouse? \
U All married persons age 15+ who reported \
  holding a mortgage jointly with spouse. \
  (EAST3E=1 and EMRTJNT=1) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V 1:999999999 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AMJP        1    553\
T MO: Allocation flag for EMJP\
     Allocation flag for how much principal \
     was owned on mortgage/mortgages held by \
     respondent and spouse. \
V          0 .Not Imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EMIP        8    554\
T MO:  Principal owed on mortgage(s) in own\
  name\
     (Pre96-TM8128) As of the last day of the \
     reference period, how much principal was \
     owed on the mortgage/mortgages held in \
     ...'s own name? \
U All persons age 15+ who reported holding a \
  mortgage in own name (EAST3E=1 and \
  EMRTOWN=1). \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V 1:999999999 .Principal owed on mortgage\
\
D AMIP        1    562\
T MO:  Allocation flag for EMIP\
     Allocation flag for the principal owed on \
     the mortgage or mortgages in own name \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EVBUNV1     2    563\
T BU: Universe Indicator for Value of Business\
U All person \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .In universe\
\
D EVBNO1      2    565\
T BU: First Business number\
     Unique business number for the first \
     business that will remain the same from \
     wave to wave. \
U Universe All EPDJBTHN = 1 and EBUSCNTR > 0 \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V       0:99 .Business number\
\
D EVBOW1      3    567\
T BU: Percent of Business owned for first\
  business\
     As of the last day of reference period, \
     what percent of ...'s business did ... \
     own? \
U Persons who own a first business on the last \
  day of the reference period, or who sold the \
  business on or after the last day of the \
  reference period. [EBIZNOW = 1 or EEBDATE ge \
  last day of the 4th reference month] \
V          0 .Not in universe\
V      1:100 .Percentage of business owned\
\
D AVBOW1      1    570\
T BU: Allocation flag for EVBOW1.\
     Allocation flag for the percent of the \
     first business the respondent owned \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputed (hot deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TVBVA1      6    571\
T BU: The value of the business for the first\
  business\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, what was the total value of the \
     business before figuring in any debts \
     that might be owed against it? \
U Persons owning at least one business on the \
  last day of the reference period. (EVBOW1 ge \
  1). \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V   1:750000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AVBVA1      1    577\
T BU: Allocation flag for TVBVA1.\
     Allocation flag of the value of the first \
     business before figuring any debts owed \
     against it \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputed (hot deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TVBDE1      6    578\
T BU: The total debt owed against the first\
  business\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, what was the total debt owed \
     against the business? \
U Persons owning a first business on the last \
  day of the reference period. (EBOW>0) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V         1: .200000  Amount in dollars\
\
D AVBDE1      1    584\
T BU: Allocation flag for EVBDE1.\
     Allocation flag for the total debt owed \
     against the first business. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputed (hot deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EVBUNV2     2    585\
T BU: Universe Indicator for Value of Business\
  2\
U All persons \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .In universe\
\
D EVBNO2      2    587\
T BU: Second Business number\
     Unique business number for second \
     business that will remain the same from \
     wave to wave. \
U Universe All EPDJBTHN = 1 and EBUSCNTR > 0 \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V       0:99 .Business number\
\
D EVBOW2      3    589\
T BU: Percent of Business owned for second\
  business\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, what percent of ....'s business \
     did ... own? \
U Persons who own a second business on the \
  last day of the reference period, or who \
  sold the business on or after the last day \
  of the reference period. [EBIZNOW = 1 or \
  EEBDATE ge last day of the 4th reference \
  month] \
V          0 .Not in universe\
V      1:100 .Percentage of business owned\
\
D AVBOW2      1    592\
T BU: Allocation flag for EVBOW2.\
     Allocation flag for the percent of the \
     second business the respondent owned \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputed (hot deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TVBVA2      6    593\
T BU: The value of the business for business\
  two\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, what was the total value of the \
     business before figuring in any debts \
     that might be owed against it? \
U Persons owning at least two businesses on \
  the last day of the reference period. \
  (EVBOW2 ge 1). \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V   1:750000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AVBVA2      1    599\
T BU: Allocation flag for TVBVA2.\
     Allocation flag for the value of the \
     second business before figuring any debts \
     owed against it \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputed (hot deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TVBDE2      6    600\
T BU: The total debt owed against the second\
  business\
     As of the last day of the reference \
     period, what was the total debt owed \
     against the business? \
U Persons owning a second business on the last \
  day of the reference period. (EBOW2 > 0) \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V   1:200000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AVBDE2      1    606\
T BU: Allocation flag for TVBDE2.\
     Allocation flag for the total debt owed \
     against the second business. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputed (hot deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EHREUNV     2    607\
T RE: Universe indicator for Real Estate TM\
     Universe indicator \
U All households \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .In universe\
\
D EREMOBHO    2    609\
T RE: Is residence a mobile home?\
     (Pre96-SC8528) Is this residence a mobile \
     home? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview (EAGE ge 15). This is HH \
  level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AREMOBHO    1    611\
T RE: Allocation flag for EREMOBHO\
     Allocation flag for whether residence is \
     a mobile home \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EHOWNER1    4    612\
T RE: First Owner of home\
     (Pre96-SC8532) Which persons in this \
     household are the owners of this home? \
     ...(HOWNER1) ... \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who owns a non-mobile home \
  (EREMOBHO=2 and ETENURE=1). This is HH level \
  data. All persons in HH get the reference \
  person's response duplicated to their \
  record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V   101:1299 .First owner of home\
\
D AHOWNER1    1    616\
T RE: Allocation flag for EHOWNER1\
     Allocation flag for first owner of home \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EHOWNER2    4    617\
T RE: Second Owner of home\
     (Pre96-SC8534) Which persons in this \
     household are the owner of this home? \
     ...(HOWNER2) ... \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who owns a non-mobile home \
  (EREMOBHO=2 and ETENURE=1). This is HH level \
  data. All persons in HH get the reference \
  person's response duplicated to their \
  record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V   101:1299 .Second owner of home\
\
D AHOWNER2    1    621\
T RE: Allocation flag for EHOWNER2\
     Allocation flag for the second owner of \
     the home \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\}\
\
D EHOWNER3    4    622\
T RE: Third Owner of home\
     (Pre96-SC8536) Which persons in this \
     household are the owners of this home? \
     .... (HOWNER3) \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who own a non-mobile home \
  (EREMOBHO=2 and ETENURE=1). This is HH level \
  data. All persons in HH get the reference \
  person's response duplicated to their \
  record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V   101:1299 .Third owner of home\
\
D EHBUYMO     2    626\
T RE: Month home was purchased\
     (Pre 96-SC8538) When was this home \
     purchased? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview and who owns a non-mobile \
  home (EREMOBHO=2 and ETENURE=1). This is HH \
  level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V       1:12 .Amount in months\
\
D AHBUYMO     1    628\
T RE: Allocation flag for EHBUYMO\
     Allocation flag for month house was \
     purchased \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EHBUYYR     4    629\
T RE: Year house was purchased\
     (Pre96-SC8539) When was this home \
     purchased? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview and who owns a non-mobile \
  home (EREMOBHO=2 and ETENURE=1). This is HH \
  level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V  1801:1997 .Year\
\
D AHBUYYR     1    633\
T RE: Allocation flag for EHBUYYR\
     Allocation flag for year house was \
     purchased. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EHMORT      2    634\
T RE: Mortgage on home\
     (Pre96-SC8540) Is there a mortgage, home \
     equity loan, or other debt on this home? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview and who owns a non-mobile \
  home (EREMOBHO=2 and ETENURE=1). This is HH \
  level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AHMORT      1    636\
T RE: Allocation flag for EHMORT\
     Allocation flag for whether there is a \
     mortgage, home equity loan, or other debt \
     on this home. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ENUMMORT    2    637\
T RE: Number of debts on this home\
     (Pre96-SC8542) Altogether, how many \
     mortgages, home equity loans, or other \
     debts are there on this home? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who own a non-mobile home and \
  have a mortgage on it (EREMOBHO=2 and \
  ETENURE=1 and EHMORT=1). This is HH level \
  data. All persons in HH get the reference \
  person's response duplicated to their \
  record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V      01:50 .Number\
\
D ANUMMORT    1    639\
T RE: Allocation flag for ENUMMORT\
     Allocation flag for number of debts owed \
     on this house \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TMOR1PR     6    640\
T RE: Principal owed for first, second, and\
  all other loans\
     (Pre96-SC8564) How much principal is \
     currently owed on the first, second, and \
     all other mortgages or loans? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who own a non-mobile home and \
  have a mortgage on it (EREMOBHO=2 and \
  ETENURE=1 and EHMORT=1). This is HH level \
  data. All persons in the HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record. \
V          0 .Not in universe\
V   1:265000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AMOR1PR     1    646\
T RE: Allocation flag for TMOR1PR\
     Allocation flag for amount of principal \
     currently owed on the first loan first, \
     second, and all other mortgages or loans? \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EMOR1YR     4    647\
T RE: Year first mortgage obtained\
     (Pre96-SC8568) In what year was the first \
     mortgage (loan) obtained? If the mortgage \
     was assumed, report the original date of \
     the mortgage. \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who own a non-mobile home and \
  have a mortgage on it (EREMOBHO=2 and \
  ETENURE=1 and EHMORT=1). This is HH level \
  data. All persons in the HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V  1873:1997 .Year first mortgage obtained\
\
D AMOR1YR     1    651\
T RE: Allocation flag for EMOR1YR\
     Allocation flag for year first mortgage \
     or loan was obtained \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EMOR1MO     2    652\
T RE: Month first mortgage obtained\
     (Pre 96- SC8569) And in which month was \
     the first mortgage obtained? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who own a non-mobile home and \
  have a mortgage on it (EHMORT=1) and the \
  mortgage is less than or equal to two years \
  old [(year of interview minus - MOR1YRS) \
  .le. 2]. This is HH level data. All persons \
  in the HH get the reference person's \
  response duplicated to their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V       1:12 .Month\
\
D AMOR1MO     1    654\
T RE: Allocation flag for EMOR1MO\
     Allocation flag for month first mortgage \
     was obtained \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TMOR1AMT    6    655\
T RE: First and second loan amount\
     (Pre96-8572) What was the amount of the \
     first and second mortgage (loan) when it \
     was obtained or last refinanced? If the \
     mortgage was assumed, give the original \
     amount of the mortgage. \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who own a non-mobile home and \
  have a mortgage on it (EHMORT=1). This is HH \
  level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record. \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V   1:281000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AMOR1AMT    1    661\
T RE: Allocation flag for TMOR1AMT\
     Allocation flag for first loan amount \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EMOR1YRS    3    662\
T RE: Total years for payments of home loan\
     (Pre96-SC8576) What is the total number \
     of years over which payments are to be \
     made? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who own a non-mobile home and \
  have a mortgage on it (EHMORT=1). This is HH \
  level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V      1:100 .Years\
\
D AMOR1YRS    1    665\
T RE: Allocation flag for EMOR1YRS\
     Allocation flag for total number of years \
     over which payment are to be made for the \
     home. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EMOR1INT    4    666\
T RE: Interest rate on first mortgage\
     (Pre96-SC8580) What is the current annual \
     interest rate on this mortgage (loan)? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who own a non-mobile home and \
  have a mortgage on it (EHMORT=1). This is HH \
  level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V  0000:9999 .percent (Two implied decimal\
V            .places)\
\
D AMOR1INT    1    670\
T RE: Allocation flag for EMOR1INT\
     Allocation flag for current annual \
     interest rate on first mortgage \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EMOR1VAR    2    671\
T RE: Variable or fixed rate for first home\
  mortgage\
     (Pre96-SC8584) Is the interest rate \
     variable or fixed? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who own a non-mobile home and \
  have a mortgage on it (EHMORT=1). This is HH \
  level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Variable interest rate\
V          2 .Fixed interest rate\
\
D AMOR1VAR    1    673\
T RE: Allocation flag for EMOR1VAR\
     Allocation flag for whether interest rate \
     is variable or fixed \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EMOR1PGM    2    674\
T RE: 1st loan FHA/VA mortgage program\
     (Pre96-SC8587) Was this mortgage obtained \
     through an FHA or VA mortgage program? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who own a non-mobile home and \
  have a mortgage on it (EHMORT=1). This is HH \
  level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes - FHA LOAN\
V          2 .Yes - VA LOAN\
V          3 .No\
\
D AMOR1PGM    1    676\
T RE: Allocation flag for EMOR1PGM\
     Allocation flag for whether loan was FHA \
     or VA mortgage program \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TMOR2PR     6    677\
T RE: Flag indicating principal on second\
  mortgage reported\
     (Pre-SC8566) Flag indicating principal on \
     second mortgage reported? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who owns a non-mobile home \
  and have a second mortgage on it (EREMOBHO=2 \
  and ETENURE=1 and EHMORT=1 and ENUMMORT ge \
  2). This is HH level data. All persons in HH \
  get the reference person's response \
  duplicated to their record. \
V          0 .Not in universe\
V     000001 .Flag indicating principal on\
V            .second mortgage\
\
D AMOR2PR     1    683\
T RE: Allocation flag for TMOR2PR\
     Allocation flag for current principal \
     owed for second mortgage. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EMOR2YR     4    684\
T RE: Year 2nd mortgage obtained\
     (Pre 96 - SC8570) In what year was the \
     second mortgage (loan) obtained? If the \
     mortgage was assumed, report the original \
     date of the mortgage. \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who owns a non-mobile home \
  and have a second mortgage on it (EREMOBHO=2 \
  and ETENURE=1 and EHMORT=1 and ENUMMORT ge \
  2). This is HH level data. All persons in HH \
  get the reference person's response \
  duplicated to their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V  1873:1997 .Year of second mortgage\
\
D AMOR2YR     1    688\
T RE: Allocation flag for EMOR2YR\
     Allocation flag for year second mortgage \
     obtained \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EMOR2MO     2    689\
T RE: Month 2nd mortgage obtained\
     (Pre96-SC8571) In which month was the \
     second mortgage obtained? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who owns a non-mobile home \
  and have a second mortgage on it (EREMOBHO=2 \
  and ETENURE=1 and EHMORT=1 and ENUMMORT ge \
  2) and the mortgage is less than or equal to \
  two years old [(year of interview minus - \
  MOR1YRS) .le. 2]. This is HH level data. All \
  persons in HH get the reference person's \
  response duplicated to their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V       1:12 .Month\
\
D AMOR2MO     1    691\
T RE: Allocation flag for EMOR2MO\
     Allocation flag for month second mortgage \
     obtained \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TMOR2AMT    6    692\
T RE: Flag indicating second mortgage\
     (Pre 96-SC8574) Flag indicating second \
     mortgage \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who owns a non-mobile home \
  and have a second mortgage on it (EREMOBHO=2 \
  and ETENURE=1 and EHMORT=1 and ENUMMORT ge \
  2). This is HH level data. All persons in HH \
  get the reference person's response \
  duplicated to their record. \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V     000001 .Flag indicating second mortgage\
\
D AMOR2AMT    1    698\
T RE: Allocation flag for EMOR2AMT\
     Allocation flag for amount of loan for \
     second mortgage \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EMOR2YRS    3    699\
T RE: Total years for payments of 2nd mort.\
     (Pre96-SC8578) What is the total number \
     of years over which payments are to be \
     made? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who owns a non-mobile home \
  and have a second mortgage on it (EREMOBHO=2 \
  and ETENURE=1 and EHMORT=1 and ENUMMORT ge \
  2). This is HH level data. All persons in HH \
  get the reference person's response \
  duplicated to their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V      1:100 .Total number of years\
\
D AMOR2YRS    1    702\
T RE: Allocation flag for EMOR2YRS\
     Allocation flag for total number of years \
     which payments were made for the second \
     mortgage. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EMOR2INT    4    703\
T RE: Interest rate on 2nd mortgage\
     (Pre96-SC8582) What is the current annual \
     interest rate on this mortgage (loan)? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who own a non-mobile home and \
  have a second mortgage on it ( ENUMMORT ge \
  2). This is HH level data. All persons in HH \
  get the reference person's response \
  duplicated to their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V  0001:9999 .percent (Two implied decimal\
V            .places)\
\
D AMOR2INT    1    707\
T RE: Allocation flag for EMOR2INT\
     Allocation flag for annual interest rate \
     for the second mortgage. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EMOR2VAR    2    708\
T RE: Variable/fixed rate for 2nd loan\
     (Pre96-SC8586) Is the interest rate \
     variable or fixed? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who own a non-mobile home and \
  have a second mortgage on it ( ENUMMORT ge \
  2). This is HH level data. All persons in HH \
  get the reference person's response \
  duplicated to their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Variable interest rate\
V          2 .Fixed interest rate\
\
D AMOR2VAR    1    710\
T RE: Allocation flag for EMOR2VAR\
     Allocation flag for whether the interest \
     rate is variable or fixed for the second \
     mortgage \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EMOR2PGM    2    711\
T RE: 2nd loan FHA/VA mortgage program\
     (Pre-SC8589) Was this mortgage obtained \
     through an FHA or VA mortgage program? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who own a non-mobile home and \
  have a second mortgage on it ( ENUMMORT ge \
  2). This is HH level data. All persons in HH \
  get the reference person's response \
  duplicated to their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes-FHA LOAN\
V          2 .Yes-VA LOAN\
V          3 .No\
\
D AMOR2PGM    1    713\
T RE: Allocation flag for EMOR2PGM\
     Allocation flag for whether the second \
     loan was a FHA or VA mortgage program. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TMOR3PR     6    714\
T RE: Flag indicating principal owed on other\
  loans\
     (Pre96-SC8596) Flag indicating principal \
     reported on all other loans. \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who own a non-mobile home and \
  have a third loan or mortgage on it \
  (ENUMMORT ge 3). This is HH level data. All \
  persons in HH get the reference person's \
  response duplicated to their record. \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V     000001 .Flag indicating principal\
V            .reported\
\
D AMOR3PR     1    720\
T RE: Allocation flag for TMOR3PR\
     Allocation flag for amount currently owed \
     on the remaining mortgage or loans not \
     previously reported \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TPROPVAL    6    721\
T RE: Current value of property\
     (Pre96-SC8598) What is the current value \
     of this property; that is, how much do \
     you think it would sell for on today's \
     market if it were for sale? (Include \
     rental properties attached to or located \
     in this residence.) \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or are the respondent \
  if the reference person is a Type Z \
  noninterview who a non-mobile home (EREMOBHO \
  = 2 and ETENURE= 1). This is HH level data. \
  All persons in HH get the reference person's \
  response duplicated to their record. \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V   1:550000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D APROPVAL    1    727\
T RE: Allocation flag for TPROPVAL\
     Allocation flag for current value of \
     property \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EMHLOAN     2    728\
T RE: Mortgage or debt on mobile home\
     (Pre96-SC8610) Is there a mortgage, \
     installment loan, contract to purchase, \
     or other debt on this mobile home or \
     site? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or are the respondent \
  if the reference person is a Type Z \
  noninterview who a non-mobile home (EREMOBHO \
  = 1 and ETENURE= 1). This is HH level data. \
  All persons in HH get the reference person's \
  response duplicated to their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AMHLOAN     1    730\
T RE: Allocation flag for EMHLOAN\
     Allocation flag for whether there is a \
     mortgage or debt on this mobile home \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EMHTYPE     2    731\
T RE: Site or mobile home debt\
     (Pre96-SC8612) Is this mortgage, \
     contract, or other debt for just the \
     site, or does it also apply to this \
     mobile home? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview and who own a mobile home and \
  have a mortgage on it (EMHLOAN = 1). This is \
  HH level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Mobile home only\
V          2 .Site only\
V          3 .Site and home\
\
D AMHTYPE     1    733\
T RE: Allocation flag for EMHTYPE\
     Allocation flag for whether the mortgage \
     applies to just the site or does it also \
     appl to the mobile home. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TMHPR       5    734\
T RE: Amt principal owed on mobile\
     (Pre96-SC8624) How much principal is \
     currently owed on all mortgages? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview and who own a mobile home and \
  have a mortgage on it (EMHLOAN = 1). This is \
  HH level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record. \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V    1:60000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AMHPR       1    739\
T RE: Allocation flag for TMHPR\
     Allocation flag for the total amount of \
     principal currently owed \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TMHVAL      6    740\
T RE: Amt mobile would sell for\
     (Pre 96-SC 8630) How much do you think \
     this mobile home (and site) would sell \
     for today if it were for sale? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview and who own a mobile home and \
  may or may not have a mortgage on it. \
  (EMHLOAN = 1 or 2) This is household level \
  data. All persons in HH get the reference \
  person's response duplicated to their \
  record. \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V   1:100000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AMHVAL      1    746\
T RE: Allocation flag for TMHVAL\
     Allocation flag for selling price of \
     mobile home and site \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D THOMEAMT    4    747\
T RE: Monthly rent or mortgage\
     (Pre96-SC8638) How much was this \
     household's rent/mortgage payment last \
     month? Include any condominium or \
     association fees. \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview and who own or are buying \
  their home for cash (ETENURE = 1) and have a \
  mortgage,home equity loan or other debt on \
  their home,(EHMORT=1) or who have a \
  mortgage, installment loan,contract to \
  purchase or other debt on a mobile home or \
  site (EMHLOAN), or who's living quarters are \
  rented for cash (ETENURE=2) and who's public \
  housing residence is not owned by a local \
  housing authority (EPUBHSE ne 1) and the \
  federal,state or local government is not \
  paying part or all of the rent for the \
  residence.(EGVTRNT ne 1). This is HH level \
  data. (ETENURE=1 and (EHMORT=1 or \
  EMHLOAN=1)) or (ETENURE=2 and EPUBHSE ne 1 \
  and EGVTRNT ne 1). All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record. \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V     1:2800 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AHOMEAMT    1    751\
T RE: Allocation flag for THOMEAMT\
     Allocation flag for amount monthly rent \
     or mortgage \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TUTILS      3    752\
T RE: Amount paid for utilities per month\
     (Pre96-SC8640) How much did this \
     household pay for electricity, gas, basic \
     telephone service, and other utilities \
     last month? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview. (EAGE ge 15). This is HH \
  level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record. \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V      1:800 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AUTILS      1    755\
T RE: Allocation flag for TUTILS\
     Allocation flag for amount paid for \
     utilities \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EPERSPAY    2    756\
T RE: More than one person paying rent\
     (Pre96-SC8644) Did more than one of the \
     persons living here pay the \
     rent/mortgage/loan and utilities last \
     month? \
U Universe: Persons 15 years of age and older \
  who are the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview, and repondents who reported \
  paying an amount for electricity,gas,basic \
  telephone service and other utilities last \
  month(EUTILS ge 0) or who's household had a \
  rent/mortgage payment last month(EHOMEAMTS \
  gt 0), or who indicated that excluding any \
  rent subsidies,they paid an amount for rent \
  last month (EMTHRNT gt 0).Excluded from the \
  universe are one person households (EHHNUMPP \
  =1),married couple households with no other \
  household member 18 and older (EMS = 1 and \
  EAGE for all household members besides \
  husband and wife are less than 18) , a \
  household with no other person 18 and over \
  (EFKIND = 2 or 3 and EAGE for all household \
  members besides the reference person are \
  less than 18).This is HH level data. All \
  persons in HH get the get the reference \
  person's response duplicated to their \
  record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D APERSPAY    1    758\
T RE: Allocation flag for EPERSPAY\
     Allocation flag for whether more than one \
     person living here paid on mortgage or \
     rent \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EPERSPYA    4    759\
T RE: Only one person paid mortgage/rent\
     (Pre96-SC8646) Which person paid? \
U One person paid for mortgage/rent and \
  utilities last month (EPERSPAY=2). This is \
  HH level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V   101:1299 .Persons in household\
\
D APERSPYA    1    763\
T RE: Allocation flag for EPERSPYA\
     Allocation flag for person who paid \
     mortgage/rent when only one person paid. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EPERSPY1    4    764\
T RE: First of several persons who paid rent\
     (Pre96-SC8647) Which persons paid and how \
     much did each pay? \
U More than One person paid for mortgage/rent \
  and utilities last month (EPERSPAY=1). This \
  is HH level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V   101:1299 .Person number\
\
D APERSPY1    1    768\
T RE: Allocation flag for EPERSPY1\
     Allocation flag for the first person who \
     paid mortgage/rent and utilities when \
     more than one person paid. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EPERSPY2    4    769\
T RE: 2nd of several persons who paid rent\
     (Pre96-SC8648) Which persons paid and how \
     much did each pay? \
U More than One person paid for mortgage/rent \
  and utilities last month (EPERSPAY=1). This \
  is HH level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V   101:1299 .Person number\
\
D EPERSPY3    4    773\
T RE: Third of several persons who paid rent\
     (Pre96-SC8649) Which persons paid and how \
     much did each pay? \
U More than One person paid for mortgage/rent \
  and utilities last month (EPERSPAY=1). This \
  is HH level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V   101:1299 .Person number\
\
D TPERSAM1    4    777\
T RE: Amount first person paid for rent\
     (Pre96-SC8650) Which persons paid and how \
     much did each pay? \
U More than One person paid for mortgage/rent \
  and utilities last month (EPERSPAY=1). This \
  is HH level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record. \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V     1:1000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D APERSAM1    1    781\
T RE: Allocation flag for TPERSAM1\
     Allocation flag for the amount the first \
     person paid for mortgage/rent and \
     utilities when more than one person paid. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TPERSAM2    3    782\
T RE: Amount second person paid for rent\
     (Pre96-SC8651) Which persons paid and how \
     much did each pay? \
U More than one person paid for mortgage/rent \
  and utilities last month (EPERSPAY=1). This \
  is HH level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record. \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V      1:750 .Amount in dollars\
\
D APERSAM2    1    785\
T RE: Allocation flag for TPERSAM2\
     Allocation flag for the amount the second \
     person paid for mortgage/rent and \
     utilities when more than one person paid. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TPERSAM3    3    786\
T RE: Amount third person paid for rent\
     (Pre96-SC8652) Which persons paid and how \
     much did each pay? \
U More than one person paid for mortgage/rent \
  and utilities last month (EPERSPAY=1). This \
  is HH level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record. \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V      1:600 .Amount in dollars\
\
D APERSAM3    1    789\
T RE: Allocation flag for TPERSAM3\
     Allocation flag for the amount the third \
     person paid for mortgage/rent and \
     utilities when more than one person paid. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EPAYCARE    2    790\
T RE: Pay for care of child or disabled person\
     (Pre96-SC8656) Last month, did anyone \
     here pay for the care of a child or a \
     disabled person so that a household \
     member could work, attend training, or \
     look for a job? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who are in a 2 or more person \
  household (EHHNUMPP gt 1). This is HH level \
  data. All persons in HH get the reference \
  person's response duplicated to their \
  record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D APAYCARE    1    792\
T RE: Allocation flag for EPAYCARE\
     Allocation flag for payment for the care \
     of a child or disabled person in order \
     for other member to work, attend \
     training, or look for job. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TCARECST    3    793\
T RE: Amount of care per month\
     (Pre96-SC8657) What was the total cost of \
     these care arrangements last month? \
U Household member(s) helped pay for the care \
  of a child or a disabled person so that \
  another household member could go to school \
  or work (PAYCARE=1). This is HH level data. \
  All persons in HH age 15+ get the reference \
  person's response duplicated to their \
  record. \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V      1:800 .Amount in dollars\
\
D ACARECST    1    796\
T RE: Allocation flag for TCARECST\
     Allocation flag for the total amount per \
     month for care arrangement \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EOTHRE      2    797\
T RE: Household owns other real estate\
     (Pre96-SC8660) Does anyone in this \
     household own any other real estate such \
     as a vacation home or undeveloped lot? \
     Exclude rental property previously \
     reported or rental property attached to \
     or located on the same land as your own \
     residence. \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview whose residence is neither in \
  a public housing project nor is subsidized \
  (EPUBHSE ne 1 and EGVTRNT ne 1). This is HH \
  level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AOTHRE      1    799\
T RE: Allocation flag for EOTHRE\
     Allocation flag for whether someone in \
     household owns other real estate. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EOTHREO1    4    800\
T RE: First person owns other real estate\
     (Pre96-SC8662) Which household members \
     own this real estate? \
U Someone in household owns other real estate \
  (EOTHRE=1). This is HH level data. All \
  persons in HH get the reference person's \
  response duplicated to their record.<BR> \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V   101:1299 .Person(s) in household\
\
D AOTHREO1    1    804\
T RE: Allocation flag for EOTHREO1\
     Allocation flag for the first person who \
     owns other real estate \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EOTHREO2    4    805\
T RE: Second person owns other real estate\
     (Pre96-SC8664) Which household members \
     own this real estate? \
U Someone in household owns other real estate \
  (EOTHRE=1). This is HH level data. All \
  persons in HH get the reference person's \
  response duplicated to their record.<BR> \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V   101:1299 .Person(s) in household\
\
D TOTHREVA    6    809\
T RE: Equity in other real estate\
     (Pre96-SC8666) What is the total value of \
     the equity in this real estate? \
U Someone in household owns other real estate \
  (EOTHRE=1). This is HH level data. All \
  persons in HH get the reference person's \
  response duplicated to their record.<BR> \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V   1:300000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AOTHREVA    1    815\
T RE: Allocation flag for TOTHREVA\
     Allocation flag for the total value of \
     equity in this other real estate \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EAUTOOWN    2    816\
T RE: HH member ownership of vehicle\
     (Pre96-SC8714) Does anyone in this \
     household own a car, van, or truck, \
     excluding recreational vehicles (RV's) \
     and motorcycles? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview. (EAGE ge 15) This is HH \
  level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AAUTOOWN    1    818\
T RE: Allocation flag for EAUTOOWN\
     Allocation flag for vehicle ownership by \
     a household member \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EAUTONUM    2    819\
T RE: Number of vehicles owned by HH\
     (Pre96-SC8716) How many cars, trucks, or \
     vans are owned by members of this \
     household? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who are in a household that \
  owns a vehicle (EAUTOOWN=1) This is HH level \
  data. All persons in HH get the reference \
  person's response duplicated to their \
  record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V       1:20 .Number of vehicles\
\
D AAUTONUM    1    821\
T RE: Allocation flag for EAUTONUM\
     Allocation flag for number of vehicles \
     owned by the household \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EA1OWN1     4    822\
T RE: First owner of first vehicle\
     (Pre96-SC8718) Who owns this/the newest \
     vehicle? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person, or not the reference \
  person if the reference person is a Type Z \
  noninterview, who are in a household that \
  owns a vehicle (EPOPSTAT=1 and EAUTOOWN=1). \
  All persons in the HH get the reference \
  person's response duplicated to their \
  record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V   101:1299 .Person number\
\
D AA1OWN1     1    826\
T RE: Allocation flag for EA1OWN1\
     Allocation flag for first person who owns \
     first vehicle. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EA1OWN2     4    827\
T RE: Second owner of first vehicle\
     (Pre96-SC8724) Who owns this/the newest \
     vehicle? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person, or not the reference \
  person if the reference person is a Type Z \
  noninterview, who are in a household that \
  owns a vehicle (EPOPSTAT=1 and EAUTOOWN=1). \
  All persons in the HH get the reference \
  person's response duplicated to their \
  record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V   101:1299 .Person number\
\
D TCARVAL1    5    831\
T RE: Car value for first vehicle\
     What is the current value of the first \
     vehicle? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person, or not the reference \
  person if the reference person is a Type Z \
  noninterview, who are in a household that \
  owns a vehicle (EPOPSTAT=1 and EAUTOOWN=1). \
  This is household level data. All persons in \
  the HH get the reference person's response \
  duplicated to their record. \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V    1:33330 .Amount in dollars\
\
D ACARVAL1    1    836\
T RE: Allocation flag for TCARVAL1\
     Allocation flag for car value for first \
     vehicle \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EA1OWED     2    837\
T RE: Money owed for 1st vehicle\
     (Pre96-SC8754) Is this vehicle owned free \
     and clear, or is there still money owed \
     on it? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who are in a household that \
  owns one or more vehicles ( EAUTOOWN= 1) \
  This is HH level data. All persons in HH get \
  the reference person's response duplicated \
  to their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Money owed\
V          2 .Free and clear\
\
D AA1OWED     1    839\
T RE: Allocation flag for EA1OWED\
     Allocation flag for whether vehicle is \
     owned free and clear or money still owed \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TA1AMT      5    840\
T RE: Amount owed for 1st vehicle\
     (Pre96-SC8760) How much is currently owed \
     for this vehicle? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who owns money on the first \
  vehicle ( EA1OWED = 1). This is HH level \
  data. All persons in HH get the reference \
  person's response duplicated to their \
  record. \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V    1:30000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AA1AMT      1    845\
T RE: Allocation flag for TA1AMT\
     Allocation flag for amount currently owed \
     for first vehicle \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EA1USE      2    846\
T RE: Primary use of vehicle\
     (Pre96-SC8763) Is this vehicle used \
     primarily either for business purposes or \
     for the transportation of a disabled \
     person? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who are in a household that \
  owns one or more vehicles (EAUTOOWN = 1). \
  This is HH level data. All persons in HH get \
  the reference person's response duplicated \
  to their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AA1USE      1    848\
T RE: Allocation flag for EA1USE\
     Allocation flag for whether vehicle was \
     primarily used for either business \
     purposes or for the transportation of a \
     disabled person. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EA2OWN1     4    849\
T RE: First owner of second vehicle\
     (Pre96-SC8720) Who owns this/the next \
     vehicle? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who are in a household that \
  owns two or more vehicles (EAUTOOWN =1 and \
  EAUTONUM ge 2) This is HH level data . All \
  persons in HH get the reference person's \
  response duplicated to their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V   101:1299 .Person number\
\
D AA2OWN1     1    853\
T RE: Allocation flag for EA2OWN1\
     Allocation flag for first person who owns \
     the next vehicle. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EA2OWN2     4    854\
T RE: 2nd owner of second vehicle\
     (Pre96-SC8726) Who owns this/the next \
     vehicle? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who are in a household that \
  owns two or more vehicles (EAUTOOWN =1 and \
  EAUTONUM ge 2) This is HH level data . All \
  persons in HH get the reference person's \
  response duplicated to their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V   101:1299 .Person number\
\
D TCARVAL2    5    858\
T RE: Car value for second vehicle\
     What is the current value of the second \
     vehicle? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who are in a household that \
  owns two or more vehicles (EAUTOOWN =1 and \
  EAUTONUM ge 2) This is HH level data . All \
  persons in HH get the reference person's \
  response duplicated to their record. \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V    1:33330 .Amount in dollars\
\
D ACARVAL2    1    863\
T RE: Allocation flag for TCARVAL2\
     Allocation flag for car value for second \
     vehicle \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EA2OWED     2    864\
T RE: Money owed on the 2nd vehicle\
     (Pre96-SC8756) Is this second vehicle \
     owned free and clear, or is there still \
     money owed on it? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who are in a household that \
  owns two or more vehicles (EAUTONUM ge 2). \
  All persons in the HH get the reference \
  person's response duplicated to their \
  record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Money owed\
V          2 .Free and clear\
\
D AA2OWED     1    866\
T RE: Allocation flag for EA2OWED\
     Allocation flag for whether second \
     vehicle is owned free and clear or money \
     still owed \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TA2AMT      5    867\
T RE: Amount owed for second vehicle\
     (Pre96-SC8761) How much is currently owed \
     for this second vehicle? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who are in a household that \
  owns two or more vehicles and owes money on \
  the second vehicle (EA2OWED=1 and EAUTONUM \
  GE 2) This is HH level data. All persons in \
  HH get the reference person's response \
  duplicated to their record. \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V    1:30000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AA2AMT      1    872\
T RE: Allocation flag for TA2AMT\
     Allocation flag for amount currently owed \
     for the second vehicle \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EA2USE      2    873\
T RE: Primary use of vehicle\
     (Pre96-SC8764) Is this vehicle used \
     primarily either for business purposes or \
     for the transportation of a disabled \
     person? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who are in a household that \
  owns two or more vehicles (EAUTONUM ge 2) \
  This is HH level data. All persons in HH age \
  15+ get the reference person's response \
  duplicated to their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AA2USE      1    875\
T RE: Allocation flag for EA2USE\
     Allocation flag for whether vehicle was \
     primarily used for either business \
     purposes or for the transportation of a \
     disabled person \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EA3OWN1     4    876\
T RE: 1st owner of third vehicle\
     (Pre96-SC8722) Who owns this/the third \
     newest vehicle? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who are in a household that \
  owns three or more vehicles (EAUTOOWN =1 and \
  EAUTONUM GE 3) This is HH level data. All \
  persons in HH get the reference person's \
  response duplicated to their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V   101:1299 .Person number\
\
D AA3OWN1     1    880\
T RE: Allocation flag for EA3OWN\
     Allocation flag for first person who owns \
     third vehicle \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EA3OWN2     4    881\
T RE: 2nd owner of third vehicle\
     (Pre96-SC8728) Who owns this/the third \
     newest vehicle? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who are in a household that \
  owns three or more vehicles (EAUTOOWN =1 and \
  EAUTONUM GE 3) This is HH level data. All \
  persons in HH get the reference person's \
  response duplicated to their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V   101:1299 .Person number\
\
D TCARVAL3    5    885\
T RE: Car value for third vehicle\
     What is the current value of the third \
     vehicle? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who are in a household that \
  owns three or more vehicles (EAUTOOWN =1 and \
  EAUTONUM GE 3) This is HH level data. All \
  persons in HH get the reference person's \
  response duplicated to their record. \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V    1:33330 .Amount in dollars\
\
D ACARVAL3    1    890\
T RE: Allocation flag for TCARVAL3\
     Allocation flag for car value for third \
     vehicle \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EA3OWED     2    891\
T RE: Money owed for third vehicle\
     (Pre96-SC8758) Is this third vehicle \
     owned free and clear, or is there still \
     money owed on it? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who are in a household that \
  owns three or more vehicles (EAUTONUM GE 3) \
  This is HH level data. All persons in HH get \
  the reference person's response duplicated \
  to their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Money owed\
V          2 .Free and clear\
\
D AA3OWED     1    893\
T RE: Allocation flag for EA3OWED\
     Allocation flag for whether 3rd vehicle \
     is owned free and clear or money still \
     owed on it. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TA3AMT      5    894\
T RE: Amount owed for third vehicle\
     (Pre96-SC8762) How much is currently owed \
     for this third vehicle? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who are in a household that \
  owns three or more vehicles and money is \
  owed on the third vehicle (EA3OWED =1) This \
  is HH level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record. \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V    1:30000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AA3AMT      1    899\
T RE: Allocation flag for TA3AMT\
     Allocation flag for amount currently owed \
     for the third vehicle \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EA3USE      2    900\
T RE: Primary use of vehicle\
     (Pre96-SC8765) Is this vehicle used \
     primarily either for business purposes or \
     for the transportation of a disabled \
     person? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview who are in a household that \
  owns three or more vehicles (EAUTONUM GE 3) \
  This is HH level data. All persons in HH get \
  the reference person's response duplicated \
  to their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AA3USE      1    902\
T RE: Allocation flag for EA3USE\
     Allocation flag for whether third vehicle \
     was primarily used for either business \
     purposes or for the transportation of a \
     disabled person \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EOTHVEH     2    903\
T RE: Own other Vehicle\
     (Pre96-SC8770 - SC8778) Does anyone in \
     this household own any other type of \
     vehicle, not used for business, such as a \
     motorcycle, boat, or recreational vehicle \
     (RV)? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview. (EAGE ge 15) This is HH \
  level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AOTHVEH     1    905\
T RE: Allocation flag for EOTHVEH\
     Allocation flag for whether other \
     vehicle, not used for business, is owned \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EOVMTRCY    2    906\
T RE: Anyone own a motorcycle?\
     (Pre96-SC8770) Does anyone own a \
     motorcycle? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview and said someone in the \
  household owned another type of vehicle not \
  used for business (EOTHVEH=1) This is HH \
  level data. All persons in HH age get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record.<BR> \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AOVMTRCY    1    908\
T RE: Allocation flag for EOVMTRCY\
     Allocation flag for owning a motorcycle \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EOVBOAT     2    909\
T RE: Anyone own a boat?\
     (Pre96-SC8772) Does anyone own a boat? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview and said someone in the \
  household owned another type of vehicle not \
  used for business (EOTHVEH=1) This is HH \
  level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record.<BR> \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AOVBOAT     1    911\
T RE: Allocation flag for EOVBOAT\
     Allocation flag for ownership of a boat \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EOVRV       2    912\
T RE: Anyone own an RV?\
     (Pre96-SC8774) Does anyone own a \
     recreational vehicle (RV)? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview and said someone in the \
  household owned another type of vehicle not \
  used for business (EOTHVEH=1) This is HH \
  level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record.<BR> \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .Not\
\
D AOVRV       1    914\
T RE: Allocation flag for EOTHVEH2\
     Allocation flag for whether a household \
     member owns an RV. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EOVOTHRV    2    915\
T RE: Anyone own any other vehicle\
     (Pre96-SC8776) Does anyone own another \
     type of vehicle other than motorcycle, \
     boat or rv? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview and said someone in the \
  household owned another type of vehicle not \
  used for business (EOTHVEH=1) This is HH \
  level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record.<BR> \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .Not\
\
D AOVOTHRV    1    917\
T RE: Allocation flag for EOVBOAT\
     Allocation flag for whether household \
     owns other type of vehicle other than \
     motorcycle, boat or RV. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EOV1OWN1    4    918\
T RE: 1st owner of 1st other vehicle\
     (Pre96-SC8780) Which household members \
     own a motorcycle/boat/recreational \
     vehicle or other type of vehicle? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview and said someone in the \
  household owned another type of vehicle not \
  used for business (EOTHVEH=1) This is HH \
  level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record.<BR> \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V   101:1299 .Person number\
\
D AOV1OWN1    1    922\
T RE: Allocation flag for EOV1OWN1\
     Allocation flag for member of household \
     who owns the first other vehicle \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EOV1OWN2    4    923\
T RE: 2nd owner of 1st other vehicle\
     (Pre96-SC8784) Which household members \
     own 1st motorcycle/boat/recreational \
     vehicle/or other type of vehicle? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview and said someone in the \
  household owned another type of vehicle not \
  used for business (EOTHVEH=1) This is HH \
  level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record.<BR> \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V   101:1299 .\
\
D TOV1VAL     5    927\
T RE: 1st other vehicle value\
     (Pre96-SC8788) If this vehicle were sold, \
     what would it sell for in its present \
     condition? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview and said someone in the \
  household owned another type of vehicle not \
  used for business (EOTHVEH=1) This is HH \
  level data. All persons in HH get the \
  reference person's response duplicated to \
  their record.<BR> \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V    1:28000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AOV1VAL     1    932\
T RE: Allocation flag for TOV1VAL\
     Allocation flag for amount the second \
     other vehicle would be sold for in \
     present condition \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EOV1OWE     2    933\
T RE: Money owed for first other vehicle\
     (Pre96-SC8792) Is this vehicle owned free \
     and clear, or is there still money owed \
     on it? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview and someone in the household \
  owns another kind of vehicle ( EOV1VAL=1) \
  This is HH level data. All persons in HH get \
  the reference person's response duplicated \
  to their record. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Money owed\
V          2 .Free and clear\
\
D AOV1OWE     1    935\
T RE: Allocation flag for EOV1OWE\
     Allocation flag for whether money is \
     still owed for the first other vehicle \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TOV1AMT     5    936\
T RE: Amount owed for first other vehicle\
     (Pre96-SC8796) How much is currently owed \
     for this vehicle? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview and someone in the another \
  kind of vehicle and owes money on it \
  (EOV1OWE=1). This is HH level data. All \
  persons in HH get the reference person's \
  response duplicated to their record. \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V    1:32000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AOV1AMT     1    941\
T RE: Allocation flag for TOV1AMT\
     Allocation flag for amount owed for first \
     other vehicle \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EOV2OWN1    4    942\
T RE: 1st owner of 2nd other vehicle\
     (Pre96-SC8782) Which household members \
     own a 2nd motorcycle/boat/recreational \
     vehicle or other type of vehicle? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview and someone in the household \
  owns at least two kind of kind of vehicle \
  (Two of these must equal 1, EOVMTRCY, \
  EOVBOAT, EOVRV, EOVOTHRV). This is HH level \
  data. All persons in HH get the reference \
  person's response duplicated to their \
  record.<BR> \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V   101:1299 .\
\
D AOV2OWN1    1    946\
T RE: Allocation flag for EOV2OWN1\
     Allocation flag for member of household \
     who is the first owner of the second \
     other vehicle \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EOV2OWN2    4    947\
T RE: 2nd owner of 2nd other vehicle\
     (Pre96-SC8786) Which household members \
     own a motorcycle/boat/recreational \
     vehicle/or other type of vehicle? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview and someone in the household \
  owns at least two kind of kind of vehicle \
  (Two of these must equal 1, EOVMTRCY, \
  EOVBOAT, EOVRV, EOVOTHRV). This is HH level \
  data. All persons in HH get the reference \
  person's response duplicated to their \
  record.<BR> \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V   101:1299 .\
\
D TOV2VAL     5    951\
T RE: Second other vehicle value\
     (Pre96-SC8790) If this vehicle were sold, \
     what would it sell for in its present \
     condition? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview and someone in the household \
  owns at least two kind of kind of vehicle \
  (Two of these must equal 1, EOVMTRCY, \
  EOVBOAT, EOVRV, EOVOTHRV). This is HH level \
  data. All persons in HH get the reference \
  person's response duplicated to their \
  record.<BR> \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V    1:30000 .Amount in dollars\
\
D AOV2VAL     1    956\
T RE: Allocation flag for TOV2VAL\
     Allocation flag for amount the second \
     other vehicle would be sold for in \
     present condition \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EOV2OWE     2    957\
T RE: Is money owed for 2nd other vehicle\
     (Pre96-SC8794) Is this vehicle owned free \
     and clear, or is there still money owed \
     on it? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview and someone in the household \
  owns at least two other kind of vehicle and \
  the value of the second one is gt zero \
  (TOV2VAL gt 0) This is HH level data. All \
  persons in HH get the reference person's \
  response duplicated to their record.<BR> \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Money owed\
V          2 .Free and clear\
\
D AOV2OWE     1    959\
T RE: Allocation flag for EOV2OWE\
     Allocation flag for whether money is \
     still owed for the second other vehicle \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TOV2AMT     5    960\
T RE: Amt owed for 2nd other vehicle\
     (Pre96-SC8798) How much is currently owed \
     for this second other vehicle? \
U Persons 15 years of age and older who are \
  the reference person or who are the \
  respondent if the reference person is a Type \
  Z noninterview and someone in the household \
  owns another kind of vehicle and owes money \
  on the second other vehicle ( EOV2OWE=1) \
  This is HH level data. All persons in HH get \
  the reference person's response duplicated \
  to their record. \
V          0 .None or not in universe\
V    1:30000 .Amount in Dollars\
\
D AOV2AMT     1    965\
T RE: Allocation flag for TOV2AMT\
     Allocation flag for the amount owed for \
     the second other vehicle \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D THHTNW     10    966\
T RE: Total Net Worth Recode\
     Total Net Worth Recode \
U This variable was calculated using \
  information provided for all adults 15 or \
  older in the household, but the final value \
  was written to the record of all household \
  members, regardless of age. This is H.H. \
  level data. \
V -999999999:9999999999 .Amount in dollars\
V          0 .None or Not in universe\
\
D THHTWLTH   10    976\
T RE: Total Wealth recode\
     Total Wealth recode \
U This variable was calculated using \
  information provided for all adults 15 or \
  older in the household, but the final value \
  was written to the record of all household \
  members, regardless of age. This is H.H. \
  level data. \
V -999999999:9999999999 .Amount in dollars\
V          0 .None or Not in universe\
\
D THHTHEQ    10    986\
T RE: Home Equity recode\
     Home equity recode \
U This variable was calculated using \
  information provided for all adults 15 or \
  older in the household, but the final value \
  was written to the record of all household \
  members, regardless of age. This is H.H. \
  level data. \
V -999999991:9999999999 .Amount in dollars\
V          0 .None or Not in universe\
\
D THHMORTG   10    996\
T RE: Total Debt owed on Home\
     Home equity recode \
U This variable was calculated using \
  information provided for all adults 15 or \
  older in the household, but the final value \
  was written to the record of all household \
  members, regardless of age. This is H.H. \
  level data. \
V          0 .None or Not in universe\
V 1:9999999999 .Amount in dollars\
\
D THHVEHCL   10   1006\
T RE: Net equity in vehicles\
     Net equity in vehicles recode \
U This variable was calculated using \
  information provided for all adults 15 or \
  older in the household, but the final value \
  was written to the record of all household \
  members, regardless of age. This is H.H. \
  level data. \
V -99999999:9999999999 .Amount in dollars\
V          0 .None or Not in universe\
\
D THHBEQ     10   1016\
T RE: Business Equity\
     Business Equity recode \
U This variable was calculated using \
  information provided for all adults 15 or \
  older in the household, but the final value \
  was written to the record of all household \
  members, regardless of age. This is H.H. \
  level data. \
V -99999999:9999999999 .Amount in dollars\
V          0 .None or Not in universe\
\
D THHINTBK   10   1026\
T RE: Interest Earning assets held in banking\
  institutions\
     Amount in Interest Earning assets held in \
     banking institutions \
U This variable was calculated using \
  information provided for all adults 15 or \
  older in the household, but the final value \
  was written to the record of all household \
  members, regardless of age. This is H.H. \
  level data. \
V          0 .None or Not in universe\
V 1:9999999999 .Amount in dollars\
\
D THHINTOT   10   1036\
T RE: Interest Earning assets held in other\
  Institutions\
     Amount in Interest Earning assets held in \
     other Institutions \
U This variable was calculated using \
  information provided for all adults 15 or \
  older in the household, but the final value \
  was written to the record of all household \
  members, regardless of age. This is H.H. \
  level data. \
V          0 .None or Not in universe\
V 1:9999999999 .Amount in dollars\
\
D RHHSTK     10   1046\
T RE: Equity in stocks and mutual fund shares\
     Amount of equity in stocks and mutual \
     fund shares \
U This variable was calculated using \
  information provided for all adults 15 or \
  older in the household, but the final value \
  was written to the record of all household \
  members, regardless of age. This is H.H. \
  level data. \
V -99999999:9999999999 .Amount in dollars\
V          0 .None or Not in universe\
\
D THHORE     10   1056\
T RE: Equity in real estate that is not your\
  own home.\
     Equity in real estate that is not your \
     own home, such as rental properties and \
     other real estate. \
U This variable was calculated using \
  information provided for all adults 15 or \
  older in the household, but the final value \
  was written to the record of all household \
  members, regardless of age. This is H.H. \
  level data. \
V -99999999:9999999999 .Amount in dollars\
V          0 .None or Not in universe\
\
D THHOTAST   10   1066\
T RE: Equity in other assets\
     Equity in other assets. \
U This variable was calculated using \
  information provided for all adults 15 or \
  older in the household, but the final value \
  was written to the record of all household \
  members, regardless of age. This is H.H. \
  level data. \
V          0 .None or Not in universe\
V 1:9999999999 .Amount in dollars\
\
D THHIRA     10   1076\
T RE: Equity in IRA and KEOGH accounts\
     Equity in IRA and KEOGH accounts. \
U This variable was calculated using \
  information provided for all adults 15 or \
  older in the household, but the final value \
  was written to the record of all household \
  members, regardless of age. This is H.H. \
  level data. \
V          0 .None or Not in universe\
V 1:9999999999 .Amount in dollars\
\
D THHDEBT    10   1086\
T RE: Total debt recode\
     Total debt. \
U This variable was calculated using \
  information provided for all adults 15 or \
  older in the household, but the final value \
  was written to the record of all household \
  members, regardless of age. This is H.H. \
  level data. \
V          0 .None or Not in universe\
V 1:9999999999 .Amount in dollars\
\
D THHSCDBT   10   1096\
T RE: Total secured debt recode\
     Total secured debt recode. \
U This variable was calculated using \
  information provided for all adults 15 or \
  older in the household, but the final value \
  was written to the record of all household \
  members, regardless of age. This is H.H. \
  level data. \
V          0 .None or Not in universe\
V 1:9999999999 .Amount in dollars\
\
D RHHUSCBT   10   1106\
T RE: Total Unsecured Debt\
     Total Unsecured Debt \
U This variable was calculated using \
  information provided for all adults 15 or \
  older in the household, but the final value \
  was written to the record of all household \
  members, regardless of age. This is H.H. \
  level data. \
V          0 .None or Not in universe\
V 1:9999999999 .Amount in dollars\
\
D EPVUNV      2   1116\
T PV: Universe indicator for Work Related\
  Expenses\
     Universe indicator. \
U All persons \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .In universe\
\
D EPVWK1      2   1118\
T PV: Work related expenses.  Drive own\
  vehicle to work?\
     During the typical week, how did...get \
     to... job, business or work? Did...drive \
     own vehicle? \
U All persons 15+ who work or own a business \
  EPOPSTAT = 1 and EPDJBTHN or EFIRSTJB>0 or \
  EFIRSTBS>0 or ECFLAG = 1 \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D EPVWK2      2   1120\
T PV: Work related expenses.  Did...car/van\
  pool to work?\
     During the typical week, how did...get \
     to...job, business or work? Was...a rider \
     in someone else's vehicle/van pool? \
U All persons 15+ who work or own a business \
  EPOPSTAT = 1 and EPDJBTHN or EFIRSTJB>0 or \
  EFIRSTBS>0 or ECFLAG = 1 \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D EPVWK3      2   1122\
T PV: Work related expenses.  Did...use the\
  public transit?\
     During the typical week, how did...get \
     to...job, business, or work? Did...use \
     public transportation (bus, train, \
     subway, etc.)? \
U All persons 15+ who work or own a business \
  EPOPSTAT = 1 and EPDJBTHN or EFIRSTJB>0 or \
  EFIRSTBS>0 or ECFLAG = 1 \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D EPVWK4      2   1124\
T PV: Work related expenses.  Did...bike/walk\
  to work?\
     During the typical week, how did...get \
     to...job,? business, or work? Did...walk \
     or bicycle? \
U All persons 15+ who work or own a business \
  EPOPSTAT = 1 and EPDJBTHN or EFIRSTJB>0 or \
  EFIRSTBS>0 or ECFLAG = 1 \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D EPVWK5      2   1126\
T PV: Work related expenses.  Get to work some\
  other way?\
     During the typical week, how did...get \
     to...job, business or work? Did...use \
     some other way? \
U All persons 15+ who work or own a business \
  EPOPSTAT = 1 and EPDJBTHN or EFIRSTJB>0 or \
  EFIRSTBS>0 or ECFLAG = 1 \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D APVWK       1   1128\
T PV:  Allocation Flag for EPVWK1-EPVWK5.\
     Allocation flag for how...got to your \
     job, business, or work. \
V          0 .No imputation\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
V          4 .Imputed from the previous wave\
\
D EPVMILWK    4   1129\
T PV: How many miles did...drive to work?\
     Altogether, about how many miles per week \
     did... usually drive as part of his/her \
     work commute? \
U All persons 15+ who drove own vehicle to \
  work EPOPSTAT = 1, and EPVWK1 = 1 \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V     1:9999 .\
\
D APVMILWK    1   1133\
T PV:  Allocation Flag for EPVMILWK.\
     Allocation flag for miles driven to work. \
V          0 .No imputation\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
V          4 .Imputed from the previous wave\
\
D EPVPAPRK    2   1134\
T PV: Did...work related expenses include paid\
  parking?\
     Did...have to pay for parking or tolls as \
     part of ...work-commuting expenses? \
U All persons 15+ who drove own vehicle to \
  work EPOPSTAT = 1, and EPVWK1 = 1 \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D APVPAPRK    1   1136\
T PV:  Allocation Flag for EPVPAPRK.\
     Allocation flag for paid parking or \
     tolls. \
V          0 .No imputation\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
V          4 .Imputed from the previous wave\
\
D EPVPAYWK    4   1137\
T PV: How much did...spend for parking or\
  tolls?\
     Typically, how much did...spend PER WEEK \
     for parking or tolls? \
U All persons 15+ who paid for parking or \
  tolls EPOPSTAT = 1, and EPVPAPRK = 1 \
V          0 .Not in universe\
V     1:9999 .\
\
D APVPAYWK    1   1141\
T PV:  Allocation Flag for EPVPAYWK.\
     Allocation flag for weekly parking \
     expense \
V          0 .No imputation\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
V          4 .Imputed from the previous wave\
\
D EPVCOMUT    5   1142\
T PV: How much were...'s weekly commute\
  expenses?\
     During a typical week, about how much \
     were... work commuting expenses? \
U All persons 15+ who drove own vehicle and \
  commuted by some other way EPOPSTAT = 1, and \
  (EPVWK2 = 1, or EPVWK3 = 1, or EPVWK4 = 1, \
  or EPVWK5 = 1) and EBUSCNTR <= 0) \
V         -1 .Not in universe for EPOPSTAT=2\
V    0:99999 .Amount in dollars\
V          0 .Not in Universe for EPOPSTAT=1\
\
D APVCOMUT    1   1147\
T PV:  Allocation Flag for EPVCOMUT.\
     Allocation flag for weekly commute \
     expense \
V          0 .No imputation\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
V          4 .Imputed from the previous wave\
\
D EPVWKEXP    2   1148\
T PV: Did...have to pay for work related\
  licenses?\
     Not counting expenses...'s employer paid, \
     did... have any work-related expenses \
     such as licenses, permits, union dues, \
     special tools, or uniforms for work? \
U All persons 15+ who have a job EPOPSTAT = 1, \
  and (EPDJBTHN = 1 and EBUSCNTR <= 0) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D APVWKEXP    1   1150\
T PV:  Allocation Flag for EPVWKEXP.\
     Allocation flag for work related \
     licenses. \
V          0 .No imputation\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
V          4 .Imputed from the previous wave\
\
D EPVANEXP    5   1151\
T PV: How much were annual expenses for\
  licenses?\
     Altogether, how much were...annual \
     expenses for such items as licenses, \
     permits, union dues, etc. for work? \
U All persons 15+ who have a job or business \
  EPOPSTAT = 1, and EPVWKEXP = 1. \
V         -1 .Not in universe for EPOPSTAT=2\
V    0:99999 .Amount in dollars\
V          0 .Not in Universe for EPOPSTAT=1\
\
D APVANEXP    1   1156\
T PV:  Allocation Flag for EPVANEXP.\
     Allocation flag for annual licenses/union \
     dues expenses. \
V          0 .No imputation\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
V          4 .Imputed from the previous wave\
\
D EPVCHILD    2   1157\
T PV: Do you have any children who lived\
  elsewhere?\
     Do you have any children who lived \
     elsewhere with their other parent or \
     guardian at anytime during the past 4 \
     months? \
U All persons 15+ at the end of reference \
  period and EPOPSTAT = 1 \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D APVCHILD    1   1159\
T PV:  Allocation Flag for EPVCHILD.\
     Allocation flag for children who lived \
     elsewhere. \
V          0 .no imputation\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
V          4 .Imputed from the previous wave\
\
D EPVMANCD    2   1160\
T PV: How many children lived elsewhere?\
     How many of your children lived elsewhere \
     with their other parent or guardian at \
     anytime during the past 4 months? \
U All persons 15+ and have children who live \
  outside the home EPOPSTAT = 1, and EPVCHILD \
  = 1. \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V       1:99 .\
\
D APVMANCD    1   1162\
T PV:  Allocation Flag for EPVMANCD.\
     Allocation flag how many children who \
     lived elesewhere. \
V          0 .no imputation\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
V          4 .Imputed from the previous wave\
\
D EPVMOSUP    2   1163\
T PV: Was...required to pay child support?\
     In the past 4 months,was...required to \
     pay child support for these children/for \
     that child? \
U All persons 15+ who have children who live \
  outside the home EPOPSTAT = 1 and EPVCHILD = \
  1 \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D APVMOSUP    1   1165\
T PV:  Allocation Flag for EPVMOSUP.\
     Allocation flag for child support \
V          0 .no imputation\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
V          4 .Imputed from the previous wave\
\
D TPVCHPA1    4   1166\
T PV: How much did ... pay in child support\
  for the 1st month?\
     How much did ... pay in child support for \
     the 1st month of the reference period. \
U All persons 15+ who paid child support \
  EPOPSTAT = 1 and EPVMOSUP = 1 and EPVMANCD \
  >= 1 \
V         -1 .Not in universe for EPOPSTAT=2\
V     0:4723 .Amount in dollars\
\
D TPVCHPA2    4   1170\
T PV: How much did ... pay in child support\
  for the 2nd month?\
     How much did ... pay in child support for \
     the 2nd month of the reference period. \
U All persons 15+ who paid child support \
  EPOPSTAT = 1 and EPVMOSUP = 1 and EPVMANCD \
  >= 1 \
V         -1 .Not in universe for EPOPSTAT=2\
V     0:4723 .Amount in dollars\
\
D TPVCHPA3    4   1174\
T PV: How much did ... pay in child support\
  for the 3rd month?\
     How much did ... pay in child support for \
     the 3rd month of the reference period. \
     There are 2 implied decimals in this \
     field. \
U All persons 15+ who paid child support \
  EPOPSTAT = 1 and EPVMOSUP = 1 and EPVMANCD \
  >= 1 \
V         -1 .Not in universe for EPOPSTAT=2\
V     0:4723 .Amount in dollars\
V          0 .Not in Universe for EPOPSTAT=1\
\
D TPVCHPA4    4   1178\
T PV: How much did ... pay in child support\
  for the 4th month?\
     How much did ... pay in child support for \
     the 4th month of the reference period. \
U All persons 15+ who paid child support \
  EPOPSTAT = 1 and EPVMOSUP = 1 and EPVMANCD \
  >= 1 \
V         -1 .Not in universe for EPOPSTAT=2\
V     0:4723 .Amount in dollars\
V          0 .Not in Universe for EPOPSTAT=1\
\
D APVCHPA     1   1182\
T PV:  Allocation Flag for TPVCHPA1 -\
  TPVCHPA4.\
     Allocation flag for the amount of child \
     support...paid for child support \
     arrangement \
V          0 .No imputation\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
V          4 .Imputed from the previous wave\
\
D EMDUNV      2   1183\
T MG: Universe Indicator for Medical Expenses\
  TM\
U All persons 15+ at the end of the reference \
  period and any children under 15 for which \
  they are the respondent and (Epopstat = 1). \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .In universe\
\
D EHLTSTAT    2   1185\
T ME:Report of current health status\
     (question regarding respondent, screen \
     HLTSTAT) The next few questions are about \
     your health. Would you say your health in \
     general is excellent, very good, good, \
     fair, or poor? (question regarding \
     respondent's children, screen CHLHLT) The \
     next few questions are about the health \
     of ...'s children. Would you say ...'s \
     child's health in general is \
     excellent,very good, good, fair, or poor? \
U All respondents aged 15 and over, and any \
  children aged 0 - 14 who point to the \
  respondent as guardian (LNGD = respondent \
  line number) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Excellent\
V          2 .Very Good\
V          3 .Good\
V          4 .Fair\
V          5 .Poor\
\
D AHLTSTAT    1   1187\
T ME: Allocation flag for EHLTSTAT\
     Allocation flag for health status \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EHOSPSTA    2   1188\
T ME:Hospital stays in past 12 months\
     (Question regarding respondent, screen \
     HOSPSTA) These next questions are about \
     health care over the PAST TWELVE MONTHS, \
     that is, the period from today back to \
     this date one year ago. During the past \
     12 months was ... a patient in a hospital \
     overnight or longer? (Question regarding \
     respondent's children, screen HSPSTAS) \
     During the past 12 months, was ...'s \
     child a patient in a hospital overnight \
     or longer? \
U All respondents aged 15 and over, and any \
  children aged 0 - 14 who point to the \
  respondent as guardian (LNGD = respondent's \
  line number) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AHOSPSTA    1   1190\
T ME: Allocation flag for EHOSPSTA / EHSPSTAS\
     Allocation flag for hospital stays \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EHOSPNIT    3   1191\
T ME:Number of nights spent in hospital\
     (Question regarding respondent, screen \
     HOSPNIT How many nights in all did ... \
     spend in a hospital of any type during \
     the past 12 months? (Question regarding \
     respondent's children, screen HSPNITK How \
     many nights in all did ...'s child spend \
     in a hospital of any type during the past \
     12 months? \
U All respondents aged 15 and over, EHOSPSTA = \
  1, and any children who point to the \
  respondent as guardian (LNGD = respondent \
  line number), EHSPSTAS = 1 \
V          0 .Not in universe\
V      0:366 .Number of nights\
\
D AHOSPNIT    1   1194\
T ME: Allocation flag for EHOSPNIT\
     Allocation flag for hospital nights \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EPRESDRG    2   1195\
T ME: Prescription medication use in the last\
  12 months\
     (Question regarding respondent, screen \
     PRESDRG ) During the past 12 months, did \
     ... take any prescription medications? \
     (Question regarding respondent's \
     children, screen PRSDRGS ) During the \
     past 12 months did ...'s child take any \
     prescription medications? \
U All respondents aged 15 and over, and any \
  children aged 0 - 14 who point to the \
  respondent as guardian (LNGD = respondent's \
  line number) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D APRESDRG    1   1197\
T ME: Allocation flag for EPRESDRG / EPRSDRGS\
     Allocation flag prescription medication \
     use \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EDALYDRG    2   1198\
T ME: Report of daily prescription medicine\
  usage\
     (Question regarding respondent, screen \
     DALYDRG) Do ... take prescription \
     medicines on a daily basis? (Question \
     regarding respondent's children, screen \
     DLYDRGK) Does ...'s child take \
     prescription medicines on a daily basis? \
U All respondents aged 15 and over, EPRESDRG = \
  1, and any children aged 0 - 14 who point to \
  the respondent as guardian (LNGD = \
  respondent's line number), EPRSDRGS = 1, LN \
  is listed in EWHODRG@1 through EWHODRG@30 \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D ADALYDRG    1   1200\
T ME: Allocation flag for EDALYDRG\
     Allocation flag for daily prescription \
     medicine use \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EVISDENT    3   1201\
T ME: Frequency of dental visits in past 12\
  months\
     ( Question regarding respondent, screen \
     VISDENT ) During the past 12 months, how \
     many visits did ... make to a dentist or \
     other dental professional listed on this \
     card? (Question regarding respondent's \
     children, screen VSDENTK ) During the \
     past 12 months, how many visits did ...'s \
     child make to a dentist? \
U All respondents aged 15 and over, and any \
  children aged 0-14 who point to the \
  respondent as guardian (LNGD = respondent's \
  line number ) \
V          0 .Not in universe\
V      0:366 .Number of dental visits\
\
D AVISDENT    1   1204\
T ME: Allocation flag for EVISDENT\
     Allocation flag for frequency of dental \
     visits in past 12 months \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EVISDOC     3   1205\
T ME: Frequency of medical provider visits,\
  past 12 months\
     (Question regarding respondent, screen \
     VISDOC) Not counting contacts during \
     hospital stays during the past 12 months, \
     how many times did ... see or talk to a \
     medical doctor or other medical provider, \
     such as those shown on this card, about \
     your health? (Question regarding \
     respondent's children, screen VSDOCSK) \
     Not including contacts during hospital \
     stays during the past 12 months, how many \
     times did ... or anyone else see or talk \
     to a medical doctor or other medical \
     provider about ...'s child's health? \
U All respondents aged 15 and over, and any \
  children aged 0-14 who point to the \
  respondent ag guardian (LNGD = respondent's \
  line number) \
V          0 .Not in universe\
V      0:366 .Number of medical provider\
V            .visits\
\
D AVISDOC     1   1208\
T ME: Allocation flag for EVISDOC\
     Allocation flag for frequency of medical \
     provider visits in past 12 months \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EMDSPND     2   1209\
T ME: Did respondent buy medical supplies in\
  past 12 months\
     In the last 12 months, did ... purchase \
     any other medical supplies or services \
     such as those shown on this card? \
U All respondents aged 15 and over \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AMDSPND     1   1211\
T ME: Allocation flag for EMDSPND\
     Allocation flag for respondent purchase \
     of medical supplies in past 12 months \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EMDSPNDS    2   1212\
T ME:  Did respondent buy medical supplies for\
  children?\
     In the last 12 months, were purchases \
     made for ...'s children for any other \
     medical supplies or services such as \
     those shown on this card? \
U All respondents aged 15 and over, who are \
  guardian (LNGD = respondent line number) of \
  at least one child in the household aged 0 - \
  14 \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AMDSPNDS    1   1214\
T ME: Allocation flag for EMDSPNDS\
     Allocation flag for purchase of medical \
     supplies in past 12 months for \
     respondent's children \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EDAYSICK    3   1215\
T ME: Number of sickdays in past 12 months\
     Including days while a patient at a \
     hospital during the past 12 months, about \
     how many days did illness or injury keep \
     ... in bed more than half of the day? \
U All respondents aged 15 and over. \
V      0:366 .Illness Days\
V          0 .Not in universe\
\
D ADAYSICK    1   1218\
T ME: Allocation flag for EDAYSICK\
     Allocation flag for number of respondent \
     sickdays in past 12 months \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TMEDPAY     5   1219\
T ME: Cost resp. medical care / health ins. in\
  past 12 months\
     During the last 12 months, about how much \
     was paid for ...'s own medical care and \
     health insurance? \
U All respondents aged 15 and over. \
V    0:16000 .Cost\
V          0 .Not in universe\
\
D AMEDPAY     1   1224\
T ME: Allocation flag for TMEDPAY\
     Allocation flag for cost of respondent's \
     medical care / health insurance in the \
     past 12 months \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EHSPSTAS    2   1225\
T ME:Hospital stays of children in past 12\
  months\
     During the past 12 months, were any of \
     ...'s children a patient in a hospital \
     overnight or longer? \
U All respondents aged 15 and over, with any \
  children aged 0 - 14 who point to the \
  respondent as guardian (LNGD = respondent's \
  line number) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AHSPSTAS    1   1227\
T ME: Allocation flag for EHSPSTAS\
     Allocation flag for hospital stays \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EPRSDRGS    2   1228\
T ME: Prescription medication use of children\
     During the past 12 months did ...'s \
     children take any prescription \
     medications? \
U All respondents aged 15 and over, with any \
  children aged 0 - 14 who point to the \
  respondent as guardian (LNGD = respondent's \
  line number) \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D APRSDRGS    1   1230\
T ME: Allocation flag for EPRSDRGS\
     Allocation flag for respondent's \
     children's prescription medication use \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EVSDENTS    2   1231\
T ME: Children's dentist visits in the past 12\
  months\
     During the past 12 months, did ...'s \
     children visit a dentist, or other dental \
     professional listed on this card? \
U All respondents aged 15 and over, who are \
  guardian (LNGD = respondent line number) of \
  at least one child in the household aged 0 - \
  14 \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AVSDENTS    1   1233\
T ME: Allocation flag for EVSDENTS\
     Allocation flag of respondents answer to \
     whether respondents children had any \
     dental visits in past 12 months. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EVSDOCS     2   1234\
T ME: Doctor/medical provider contacted for\
  R's children\
     During the past 12 months, did ... or \
     anyone else see or talk to a medical \
     doctor or other medical provider about \
     ...'s children's health? \
U All respondents aged 15 and over, who are \
  guardian (LNGD = respondent line number) of \
  at least one child in the household aged 0 - \
  14 \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AVSDOCS     1   1236\
T ME: Allocation flag for EVSDOCS.\
     Allocation flag of respondents answer to \
     whether respondents children had any \
     doctor visits in past 12 months. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D ENOWKYR     2   1237\
T ME:Length of time not worked due to health\
     We have recorded that...'s health or \
     condition prevents ... from working. For \
     how long has ... been prevented from \
     working? Has it been 12 months or longer, \
     or has it been less than 12 months? \
U EAGE is GT 15 and LT 72, EDISAB = 1 and \
  EDISPREV=1 OR USITNOW = 7 and EDISPREV NE 2 \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .12 months or longer\
V          2 .less than 12 months\
\
D ANOWKYR     1   1239\
T ME: Allocation flag for ENOWKYR\
     Allocation flag for length of time \
     respondent's health has prevented \
     respondent from working \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D EWKFUTR     2   1240\
T ME:Respondent able to work during the next\
  12 months\
     Is it likely that ... will be able to \
     work at some time in the next 12 months? \
U EAGE is GT 15 and LT 72, EDISAB = 1 and \
  EDISPREV = 1 OR USITNOW = 7 and EDISPREV NE \
  2, ENOWKYR = 2 \
V         -1 .Not in universe\
V          1 .Yes\
V          2 .No\
\
D AWKFUTR     1   1242\
T ME: Allocation flag for EWKFUTR\
     Allocation flag for whether respondent \
     will be able to work during the next 12 \
     months \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D TRMOOPS     6   1243\
T ME: Edited variable for out of pocket\
  expenses.\
     Medical out-of-pocket costs derived using \
     TREIMBUR and EMEDPAY \
U All persons 15+ at the end of the reference \
  period \
V    0:99999 .Out-of-pocket expense\
\
D TREIMBUR    5   1249\
T ME: Reimbursed medical expenses.\
     Amount of money reimbursed for \
     respondent's medical and health insurance \
     expenses \
U All persons 15+ at the end of the reference \
  period \
V    0:15600 .Dollars\
\
D AREIMBUR    1   1254\
T ME: Allocation flag for TREIMBUR\
     Allocation flag for amount respondent was \
     reimbursed for medical and health \
     insurance expenses. \
V          0 .Not imputed\
V          1 .Statistical imputation (hot\
V            .deck)\
V          2 .Cold deck imputation\
V          3 .Logical imputation (derivation)\
\
D FILLER      2   1255\
T Filler\
}